Volume 11  4 — Nostalgia and Impatience

Volume 11 Chapter 4 - Nostalgia and Impatience

 

 Part 1

 Currently, I'm sitting on the sofa in my living room.

 The one sitting in front of me is Ruijerd.

 Sylphy is putting Aisha and Norn in the bath.

 Sylphy and I have already come down from our intoxication.

 I'm sure our breath still smells a bit of alcohol, but Detoxification magic has the power to sober one up from intoxication.

 "…"

 Looking at Ruijerd's face as the fireplace illuminated it, I remember back to the time we first met.

 Not only that, but the time when the three of us traveled together including Eris, vividly.

 "It's been quite a while hasn't it, really."

 "Yeah."

 Ruijerd narrowed his eyes as well, and the corners of his mouth rose in a small smile.

 How nostalgic.

 "For starters, I'll say thank you very much for escorting my little sisters."

 "Thanks are unnecessary. It's only obvious to protect children."

 That's right. Ruijerd was this sort of person.

 In the middle of the journey, I made jokes about his love for children and made him out to be a lolicon, didn't I.

 The escort written about in the letter from Paul ended up being Ruijerd after all.

 I thought there was the possibility of it being Ghyslaine as well, but speaking of an escort for children, it has to be Ruijerd.

 There's no other man as reliable as him.

 Almost to the point that I want him to protect my little sisters forever.

 However, it's really been a long time since I last talked to Ruijerd.

 Last time, what kind of things did we talk about?

 Since Ruijerd is pretty silent, we never really talked about the world at large.

 "By the way Rudeus, what happened to Eris?"

 Ruijerd unreservedly came out asking about the topic I was hesitating over.

 It's something I don't want to be asked about very much.

 However, in regards to Ruijerd, I'm sure it's something he wants to know.

 "…A variety of things happened. If I talk about them in order then…"

 I told Ruijerd about the things in the Refugee Camp after we separated.

 That I did it with Eris.

 After that, she disappeared, and as a result, I fell into the depths of despair.

 The fact that I couldn't get it up.

 I spent two years as an Adventurer looking for my mother.

 I met with Elinalise and heard about the situation.

 Following Hitogami's advice, I decided to attend the Magic University.

 There, I met with Sylphy, and she cured me.

 And then, we ended up getting married.

 "I see…"

 Ruijerd listened quietly without giving any signs.

 And then, in the end, he just said one thing.

 "It is something that happens often."

 "Is it something that happens often?"

 When I ask it in reverse, Ruijerd nods.

 "Most likely, it's an illness warriors catch. I'm sure that Eris by no means hated you."

 "But… she said that we didn't match up and…"

 "I don't know what Eris' real intention was. It might have been a meaning just as the words said, or else, you might have just misunderstood something."

 "A misunderstanding?"

 "Yeah, Eris was by no means someone who was good with words after all."

 Ruijerd as well is by no means someone who can be considered good with words.

 Since it's him saying it like this, then, it could be that Eris' words might have had some other different kind of meaning packed into them.

 "However, at the very least, during the journey, she liked you. If a time comes when you meet her once again, you should try to calm down and talk to her."

 It could have just been that I simply misunderstood.

 The fact that we don't match together, in reverse, could have meant that [Eris can't reach where I am.]

 She might have gone off to train in order to even things out before returning.

 Therefore, wait for me, is the sort of meaning it might have had.

 "…"

 …Even though I say that, even if I hear that sort of thing at this point…

 Putting aside what kind of meaning it had, I suffered for three years.

 There was no letter from Eris for three years.

 The one who saved me wasn't Eris, it was Sylphy.

 Since it's a misunderstanding, throw away Sylphy and start over again with Eris like that.

 There's no way I could do that.

 It's already at this point.

 Besides, honestly, I'm a little afraid to meet Eris.

 It's not as if I don't believe in Ruijerd's words, but it's a real possibility that she was tired of me.

 If I approach her with the intention of reconciliation, and she starts beating me up without looking at me…

 I would, as I thought, feel hurt.

 …Already, I want to stop thinking about it.

 Regardless of what the truth is, reality is in the present.

 It can't be helped even if I idly think about it here.

 "Ruijerd-san, what have you been doing?"

 "…Ah."

 I changed the topic.

 I wanted to listen to Ruijerd's story.

 He made a face like he still wanted to say something, but he deeply nodded.

 "For the past two years, I was in the dense forested area of the south."

 It seems Ruijerd decided that the place where the Superd race may be hiding on the Central Continent would be in a forest area.

 For starters, he decided to move around the dense forest area that spreads out on the southern side of the Dragon King Mountain Range. There, he spent two years searching around scouring the area.

 He wasn't able to find any of the Superd race.

 However, it seems he discovered articles of the deceased of several individuals believed to have died from the metastasis incident.

 Afterwards, he would bring those to the nearby town and collect information there.

 In the end, the two years he spent searching in the dense forest area ended with no results.

 Ruijerd started following the coast going south and moved until he made it to East Port.

 His plan was to collect information from the direction of Milis, and after he finished that, he intended to go north and search the strife zone.

 However, he luckily encountered Paul and the others there.

 After that, it is just as what was written in Paul's letter.

 For Paul who was hesitant to let two children go on a journey, it seems Ruijerd offered to be an escort for the two.

 "Come to think of it, I met your Shisho as well."

 "You met Roxy-sensei?"

 "Yeah…"

 Ruijerd made a bitter smile.

 "The impression I got from her was a bit different from what I heard from you."

 "Is that so, in what way?"

 "After telling her my race name and showing her the eye on my forehead, she was openly afraid."

 "Ah."

 Thinking back to it, the one that taught me that the Superd race was a dreadful race was Roxy wasn't it.

 Even though Roxy said all of that, she's still of the Demon Race. The ones most afraid of the Superd Race are the Demon Race after all.

 It can't really be helped.

 Roxy was timid and frightened after seeing Ruijerd…

 I also wanted to see that…

 "And then, you came along together with Ginger-san until here."

 "Yeah, we arrived in the evening and we went to the Magic University, but we were unable to find you."

 The four of them thought I was living in the dorm and would be at the Magic University.

 However, by that time, we had already moved to the bar.

 It seems many of the guys they asked didn't know where I went, so it seems they asked for my address.

 In order to not pass by each other, they separated with Ginger there, and it seems the three of them went looking for my house.

 But, along the way, Aisha or Norn made a mistake with the road, or in the first place, maybe the person who explained it to them was mistaken, but they ended up getting lost.

 Around the time they were aimlessly wandering in a strange place, Ruijerd searched for my presence, and it seems they managed to arrive at my house.

 "I see… in any case, once again let me say my thanks. Thank you very much."

 "Thanks are unnecessary. You and I are close."

 Ruijerd who said that grinned.

 The fact that I'm recognized by this man is one of the things I'm proud of in my regard.

 "In any case, you were considerably fast weren't you."

 The letter only just arrived last month.

 Even at fastest, I thought they would arrive after another two or three months.

 "Your little sister was enthusiastic."

 "Which one?"

 "Aisha. Thanks to that child, we were able to move very efficiently."

 According to the story, following Aisha's suggestion, it seems they made use of a caravan of merchants to move around at night as well.

 Just, such caravans of merchants fundamentally don't accept outsiders.

 It seems in exchange for allowing Aisha to ride along, they offered Ruijerd to be used as an escort.

 With Ruijerd and Ginger acting as escorts.

 The pay for that was allowing the load of the two young girls.

 It was a good purchase, is what it means.

 Although, it seems those negotiations weren't all that simple.

 In any case, they would move, and then when the merchant caravan came to a stop, they would find another merchant caravan to travel to the next location.

 By getting on one merchant caravan to the next, they were able to move very efficiently.

 Each place's merchant caravan schedule was placed at the top of the list for information collection. Occasionally, they would go back a portion of the way to a previous town and then move to the place where a different merchant caravan was it seems.

 After the other three asked why they should return, it seems Aisha responded like this.

 "It's because this way is faster."

 I see now, a genius.

 That sure is amazing.

 "But, if that's the case Ruijerd-san, wasn't it difficult? During the night you had to guard the merchant caravan, and in the day, you had to get up in order to move as well."

 "No problem. In the past, I would frequently continue on without resting for several days at a time while moving… but…"

 "But?"

 "For the first time in a while, I felt like I was being worked pretty hard."

 After saying that, Ruijerd let out a weak laugh.

 I wonder if he's remembering the Human-Demon war period.

 Nevertheless, that Aisha…

 To think she would work Ruijerd hard so conveniently.

 Who does she think she is?

 "That is, how do I put it, my little sister has greatly troubled you…"

 "It's a funny story."

 Ruijerd is as soft on children as always.

 Even if he's fine with it, it's no good if she grows up into an adult that works her seniors hard.

 Later, I'll make sure to have an intense talk with her.

 "But, during the time when Ruijerd-san was desperately working, my little sister was sleeping peacefully right?"

 "She wasn't sleeping. She was always calculating the most efficient route to arrive here."

 Hmmm.

 It seems that she wasn't just working Ruijerd alone and playing around herself.

 I guess that would mean she was doing nothing but calculations for days straight.

 Writing all throughout the night.

 …Then it's fine I guess.

 "However, she's still a child."

 Aisha was joyfully making plans without any spare time for rest, but since things like physical strength didn't enter her calculations, on the way, scenes like Norn or both of them ending up unable to go on any longer required them to rest.

 According to Aisha's mental schedule, it seems she planned for them to arrive here before winter.

 In other words, it was a plan aimed at getting here faster than the letter.

 "I'm sure it must have been difficult for Ginger-san as well, what did she say?"

 "She was rather delighted. There's nothing she wants more than to quickly reunite with his highness, like that."

 It seems many people in this world have muscle for brain.

 Rather, Ginger has been following through with the order Zanoba gave out and protecting her until now.

 She sure is a devoted person.

 I wonder if she has managed to reunite with Zanoba around this time.

 I wonder what kind of reaction she'll have on seeing Julie, I kind of want to see that.

 "It seems just like that, she intended to return to being the prince's subordinate."

 "I see now. Come to think of it, Ruijerd-san, how long do you intend to stay around here for?"

 I nonchalantly asked to hear about it.

 About a week maybe.

 If I go around introducing him to my friends, it shouldn't take all that much time.

 I'm sure Zanoba will be delighted.

 I wonder what the likes of Rinia and Pursena will say.

 I don't know how Cliff will feel though.

 He might be an acquaintance of Badigadi.

 "I'll depart tomorrow."

 Those thoughts were quickly drowned out by Ruijerd's words.

 "That's considerably sudden isn't it."

 "Yeah, the other day, I heard information that a monster was seen deep in the forest of the eastern part of the northern lands. I intend to search and see what that's about."

 It seems that Ruijerd has already found his next objective location.

 It's a bit gloomy, is what I don't want to make him think.

 No, trying to restrain him is unrefined isn't it.

 "Besides, I don't have any intention to intrude on you."

 "Intrude you say, such a thing."

 Something like treating Ruijerd as a hindrance, I won't let anyone do that.

 "…It's just a bit… painful here after all."

 That tone of voice, after all it's a bit lonely.

 It seems the fact that Eris and I weren't close together was a bit of a shock to Ruijerd.

 "…"

 In my own mind, things from three years prior, memories of the journey with Eris and Ruijerd are still strongly remaining.

 I don't know about Ruijerd though.

 If I was in Ruijerd's position and I saw the figure of Sylphy and I spending time flirting, it might be a bit of a bitter spectacle.

 "That is, I guess it can't be helped…"

 I felt kind of like a crack in my friendship with Ruijerd had appeared.

 The friendship between Ruijerd and I might have been something that Eris held onto.

 "Rudeus."

 After being called, I raised my face.

 It seems before I realized it, I had started looking downward again.

 Ruijerd let out a weak laugh.

 "Don't make that sort of face. I'll come back again."

 I couldn't do anything but return a bitter smile.

 I don't regret the fact that I married Sylphy.

 I feel kind of like I made some kind of large mistake.

 "If I meet with Eris, I'll listen to her side of the story as well."

 "…Please do."

 I looked into Ruijerd's eyes and said that.

 There was a kind light in Ruijerd's eyes.

 Part 2

 Soon after that, Sylphy came out of the bath.

 It seems Norn fell asleep inside of the bath.

 It seems like Aisha was in high spirits in the middle of the bath, but soon after getting out she collapsed into sleep.

 As expected of the bath's relaxing effect, is what I'd say.

 Warm water works well on a tired body.

 "Thanks for your help."

 "Yeah, it seems like Aisha-chan still remembered things about me. With just a single glance she correctly guessed I was Sylphy. It's a big difference from a certain someone right."

 "There are the differences of the color of the hair, the sunglasses, and the cross-dressing, so it doesn't count."

 "Though it seems Norn-chan couldn't remember."

 "I think it would be rare for someone to remember a neighborhood Onee-san from the time when you're three or four years old."

 "I guess so."

 It seems the two are currently getting along and sleeping in the same bed after being changed into pajamas by Sylphy.

 I'll listen to the story of the two tomorrow.

 "Umm, it's nice to meet you, I'm Sylphiette Greyrat."

 "Yeah, I'm Ruijerd Superdia."

 Sylphy offered an awkward handshake to Ruijerd.

 The two who suffered over their emerald green hair.

 Now neither of them have it green.

 "Ummm… Ruijerd-san what do you intend to do about a room?"

 "It's fine with whatever is convenient."

 "…Rudi, should we let him use a large room? He's an important visitor in regards to Rudi right?"

 In Ruijerd's regard, I don't think the size of the room really matters all that much though.

 At any rate, I'm sure he won't use the bed after all.

 "Please sleep wherever you like. Think of it as your own house."

 "Ah, I'll do just that. Well then, I'll go ahead and rest."

 Ruijerd stood while saying that.

 "Yes, good night."

 Sylphy and I, the two of us just kept staring firmly, listening to the sound of him move.

 It seems he entered the room where the two children were sleeping.

 That lolicon!

 No, during the time when we were on the journey as well and the time when we were asleep he never took his eyes off us.

 He's that sort of man.

 This time, he especially went out of his way to make it so we could hear his footsteps.

 If he had something to feel guilty about, he's a man who would have erased his footsteps and presence before invading.

 I'm sure he doesn't have anything to feel guilty about.

 "I wonder if I did anything rude?"

 Suddenly, Sylphy raised her voice with anxiety.

 Certainly Ruijerd's attitude just now was a bit cold.

 Normally if it was a person seeking a handshake, then he wouldn't have allowed it to turn awkward.

 After all, it seems he has some thoughts about the marriage between Sylphy and I.

 "No, Sylphy didn't do anything wrong. He's a person who isn't all that familiar with people he meets for the first time, he's that kind of guy."

 "Then it's fine though…"

 It seems like Sylphy felt just a bit hurt.

 "Let's go to sleep as well."

 "Yeah."

 We haven't eaten dinner, but I'm not hungry.

 Ah, at the very least it would have been good to serve Ruijerd some kind of snack wouldn't it.

 Well it's fine.

 I put out the fire in the fireplace and confirmed the front door was locked.

 The best and most useful security guy in the world is in the house, but it wouldn't be good if I don't properly lock things up.

 After that I put out the lights and went upstairs together with Sylphy.

 We slipped into the bed together.

 Then, suddenly Sylphy said it.

 "Today, that is, I'd like to stop there."

 "Eh? Ah, I guess so."

 That day I didn't embrace Sylphy.

 It was the first time for a reason other than menstruation.

 Part 3

 Next day.

 The same as always I woke up in bed.

 Sylphy was still sleeping.

 Usually she would be rounded into a small ball using my arm as a pillow to sleep, but today she was normally using a pillow and seemed a bit uncomfortable.

 Usually then I would unconditionally feel her sweetness, and together with just a bit of sexual desire, touch her slender chest.

 Feeling a woman's body from start to finish sure does leave one with a happy mood.

 However, mysteriously today I don't get that sort of feeling.

 Today the feeling is bad weather.

 It's a bad day for the rising dragon.

 Even though I should be happy that Ruijerd visited.

 After all it seems the things with Eris are bothering the mood.

 Somehow I feel a bit gloomy and uneasy.

 I guess it might reduce some of it if I do a bit of exercise.

 For the time being, I decided to start my daily training.

 But, I'm not feeling all that motivated.

 No, even so that will change with just 5 minutes, no 10 minutes, of preparation exercise I'm sure.

 While thinking that I go outside.

 A scene of chills plunged into my sight.

 We had a visitor in front of the entry hall.

 Two people.

 Two people who are taller than I am.

 One of them is a bald warrior.

 A man who shaved it in order to hide his green hair and just continued on like that forever.

 Without wearing any winter clothes on his body, clad in some kind of casual wear outfit of his race and a three-pronged spear in his hand.

 It's Ruijerd.

 And then the other one is.

 A muscular structure and large build with pitch black skin. Violet hair.

 With his six arms crossed, he was standing in front of Ruijerd full of dignity.

 "…"

 "…"

 The atmosphere was extraordinarily bad.

 It's dangerous.

 Explosive situation.

 If the janitor had come by he might have been stabbed.

 "…"

 There was no smile on Badigadi's face.

 His mood was bad.

 It's something unusual.

 The usually laughing Badigadi was completely not laughing.

 I wonder what is going on with Ruijerd's face.

 I can't tell from just his back.

 Rather, these two, are they acquaintances after all.

 They were both living since the Laplace Campaign after all.

 One of them was the head of the Laplace Imperial Guards and the other side was in a faction on the opposite side of Laplace.

 Now Ruijerd hated Laplace completely as well, but at the time there must have been a variety of things that happened I'm sure.

 "…Hmmm."

 Badigadi took a glance at me.

 And then looked at Ruijerd once more.

 "So that's how it is huh."

 Badigadi came to a conclusion on his own and nodded.

 And then, without saying anything after that, silently turned and left.

 Just like that treading on the snow, he disappeared down the path.

 "…"

 Ruijerd quietly turned around.

 It seems that face was somewhat tense.

 An unusual cold sweat was being drawn.

 "Did something happen with His Majesty Badi?"

 "…In the past."

 I somehow or other guessed it based on those short words.

 The Superd Race of that time would attack enemies and allies alike, without discretion, that entered their sight so to speak.

 Most likely, he killed some people from the region Badigadi ruled over as well.

 No matter how little he pays attention to the land he rules as a Demon King, he's still a ruler.

 If your own territory has been attacked there's no way you can overlook it.

 I wonder what happened to their relationship after that.

 I really can't imagine that optimistic Badigadi would viciously persecute the Superd Race.

 No, it's the opposite.

 Precisely because he's optimistic, the probability is high that he wanted to lend his power to the people without power who were trampled.

 For example, even if Laplace was involved in it as well.

 Ruijerd killed them and Badigadi wanted to return that grudge.

 I'm sure that truth isn't a mistake.

 No, wait a second.

 It could be the probability is high that Badigadi doesn't know that incident with the Superd race was caused by Laplace's hand.

 Things in that area, next time we meet I'll ask him about it from my side and see.

 …Rather, if I said in the future that I was planning to mass produce Ruijerd dolls and sell them I wonder what kind of face that Demon King would make.

 It would be good if he just laughed it off.

 Hmmm…

 At any rate, I'll be troubled if things between Ruijerd and Badigadi are bad.

 "Ruijerd-san, for the time being, since his majesty came to this city, I've gotten to know him pretty well, though I can somewhat imagine what might have happened in the past…"

 "Don't worry, I don't have any intention of fighting him."

 Ruijerd said that while making a bitter smile.

 He said it, but since a while ago Ruijerd has been clearly releasing some blood thirst.

 Could it be, if I hadn't come out one of them might have made a move?

 "However, I couldn't have imagined that guy would be in this kind of place."

 "Somehow, it seems he came to meet me."

 "Ah, he was that sort of man wasn't he."

 Ruijerd made a bitter smile and returned back into the house.

 To think that the relationship between Ruijerd and Badigadi was that bad.

 It was a blind spot.

 I thought that Badigadi could get along together with anyone.

 Part 4

 After returning inside of the house, Sylphy was awake and preparing breakfast.

 For some reason, Aisha in a maid outfit appearance, was by her side helping out.

 It seems like Norn is still sleeping.

 I thought to go wake her up and was climbing the stairs.

 I knocked and then soon after turned the doorknob, but since I had some kind of bad premonition, I didn't open the door.

 "It's almost time for breakfast, so please come downstairs."

 There was no response, but after listening closely I heard the sound of rustling clothes.

 After all it seems she was in the middle of changing.

 I didn't induce a lucky pervert.

 I'm already no longer the insensitive type after all.

 "…Yes."

 After hearing a voice come out from inside I descended down to the first floor with peace of mind.

 We ate breakfast with the five of us.

 Aisha's manners were considerably good for her age, she was eating in a neat manner.

 Ruijerd was the same as always, unable to use anything but a fork.

 Norn still seemed to be half asleep and her style of eating wasn't very skillful.

 Well, you could say it's plenty for just using a fork.

 If I compare it to stabbing meat with a knife just like that and bringing it to your mouth.

 "Well then, it's about time for me to leave."

 Soon after the meal ended Ruijerd decided to depart.

 His belongings were as few as ever and his body was light.

 The four of us saw him off to the exit of the city.

 Ruijerd said it wasn't necessary, but it's not a problem of it being necessary or unnecessary.

 It's only natural to see off a friend.

 We didn't really talk about much, the five of us were walking through the city.

 Eventually, Norn grabbed onto the area around Ruijerd's cuff.

 It was a reserved holding method, it seems to have a compact sound effect attached as well.

 Ruijerd's walking got somewhat slower.

 Matching his pace, we walked slowly as well.

 It seems Norn doesn't want to separate from Ruijerd.

 I understand the feeling, I'm the same.

 I wanted to talk to him some more.

 I wonder if it would be better to restrain him.

 Honestly, even I want to spend more time with Ruijerd.

 It seems like we have things to talk about that couldn't be spoken in just a single night after all.

 There are a lot of people I want to introduce him to and things I want to show him.

 But, after all we're caught on the things with Eris.

 I don't want to leave Ruijerd with any kind of unpleasant feelings.

 It's not like it's Sylphy's fault, but…

 I have the feeling that he wouldn't be able to talk without the situation with Eris being made clear, almost like it's lurking in the background.

 But, I don't even know where Eris is right now.

 While I was thinking about that, in no time at all we reached the exit of the city.

 "Then, stay well."

 "Ruijerd-san as well, stay well…"

 We said our farewells with short words.

 Even though there's a lot of things I want to say, when it comes time somehow the words won't come out.

 Well, it's not like it's a separation of a lifetime.

 It'll be fine if we talk at a time when things have calmed down more.

 Incidentally, it seems that he had already said farewell to Ginger at some point in time yesterday.

 "Thank you very much for your assistance!"

 Aisha lowered her head energetically with proper manners.

 The method for moving that she thought up wouldn't have worked if it weren't for Ruijerd.

 It seems she properly understands that.

 I'm sure, in places where Aisha and Norn weren't aware, Ruijerd was protecting them.

 "Aisha. Don't ask anything too unreasonable of Rudeus."

 "Yes! I know that!"

 Ruijerd made a bitter smile and stroked Aisha's head.

 "Umm. Ummm, Ruijerd-san…"

 Norn wasn't letting go of Ruijerd's sleeve.

 She showed him an uneasy face, its clear that she didn't want him to leave.

 "Don't worry, we'll meet again."

 Ruijerd made a small smile and put his hand on her head.

 It's a spectacle full of nostalgia.

 I had my head stroked like that by Ruijerd when I was making a face full of anxiety.

 Norn looked downward then raised her face.

 Wanting to say something, but she kept silent.

 Her expressions were changing with many faces, before long, she decided to say it and opened her mouth.

 "I… I want to go together with you…!"

 She declared that.

 Ruijerd caressed her head with a troubled face.

 "…"

 Without saying anything, just caressing her head.

 However, in Norn's eyes tears were quickly building up.

 "After this, rely on Rudeus, not me."

 "But, even though! He… towards Oto-san!"

 "It's something that's passed. He's already reflected on it. Your father as well. You heard about his troubles during the journey. You should understand it as well."

 "But, yesterday he was drunk, and the woman who was by his side before is different! I can't believe him!"

 The woman who was with him during the last time that she saw him is different as well.

 After hearing that, I thought the atmosphere froze.

 However, it seems the only one who thought that was me.

 Thinking about it, I had already talked to Sylphy about the things with Eris.

 It's not like I'm being unfaithful or that I'm putting on airs of a playboy.

 However, I guess that's how it looked to Norn.

 Ruijerd looked mutually at Sylphy and I and made a bitter smile.

 "It's the time between a man and a woman. Those sorts of things happen. It's by no means because your older brother is insincere."

 "…"

 After Ruijerd said that he took his hand off Norn's head.

 Norn as well let go of Ruijerd, reluctant to part.

 "That person is… please tell me your name once more."

 "Ah, Yes. I'm Sylphiette."

 "Sylphiette. Together with Rudeus I entrust things to you two."

 "Wa, Yes!"

 In the end Ruijerd exchanged some words with Sylphy.

 In regards to her, I wonder what Ruijerd thought.

 I just pray that what he felt wasn't any sort of bad feeling.

 "Well then, we'll meet again."

 I saw Ruijerd off until he was out of sight.

 Once again, I was filled with the same feelings of gratitude that I felt the last time I saw him off.

 I'm sure, Aisha and Norn felt the same as well.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
