Volume 11  6 — Maid and Boarding Student

Volume 11 Chapter 6 - Maid and Boarding Student

 

 Part 1

 After the end of the exam, leading Aisha and Norn, I returned to our house.

 It was a written exam.

 It wasn't something that corresponds to your age.

 It was an orthodox entrance exam that combines general knowledge and the basic six types of magic.

 Targeting all ages.

 It's different from the time with me.

 Naturally, I guess.

 Aisha got full points on her exam.

 The culture is somewhat different between here and Milis.

 In other words, that means there's a gap between the general knowledge.

 Even so, she took full points.

 I have nothing to complain about.

 Jinas as well was saying if this is how it is when she's 10 years old, then with some conditions attached, she could be a Special Student.

 Although, the promise with Aisha wasn't about that.

 "Then, just as promised, I'm going to serve Onii-chan, right!?"

 After we returned to the house, Aisha declared that triumphantly.

 That expression was one full of pride.

 "That means you intend to become the house maid? Even though we're family?"

 "That's wrong. I'm not going to become the house maid - I'm going to become Onii-chan's maid!"

 Her dream for the future is to become Onii-chan's maid.

 That is… I really wonder about that.

 I can't help the feeling that something is warped.

 However, a promise is a promise.

 "Alright. Then make sure you listen to whatever I tell you."

 "Yes! Looking forward to serving you, master!"

 Master, it has a good sound to it.

 If it wasn't my little sister saying it to me, I'm sure I'd be getting very excited.

 Even though I have a beloved wife.

 "Even though I say that, if you think of anything that you want to learn, say it without reservation."

 "At that time, does that mean master will teach me all about it?"

 Aisha put one of her fingers against her lips and made a flirtatious glance.

 I wonder if what she wants to be taught is something erotic.

 If she says something like, "Onii-chan… teach me how children are made." I'll go ahead and teach her properly all about sex education.

 Of course without eroticism.

 "Although, what's with 'master'?"

 "Since I'm going to be serving you, it's no good if we don't make the distinction."

 Oh? It's honorifics.

 "Is the usual Onii-chan no good?"

 "That would be mixing work and private affairs."

 As expected of someone who earned full points.

 She sure knows some difficult words.

 Well, it's fine I guess.

 Though, I might end up being looked at with weird eyes by Sylphy.

 She did take full points after all, I'll let her do as she pleases.

 "I understand. In regards to the job, please consult with Sylphy, and decide on it."

 "Yes. I've learned the jobs of a maid from my mother. Please leave it to me."

 After saying that, Aisha stood up and crossed her arms in front of her body, then deeply bowed her head.

 It's the birth of the little sister maid.

 Little sister maid.

 What a moving impression the sound of those words give off.

 Well, she will still be taught as well, so in my previous life it would at most be called, "helping with chores."

 Part 2

 On Norn's side, they were scores you can't really call good.

 According to Jinas, they were average, or maybe even a bit lower for her age, but it seems it's not bad.

 Even though I say that, if we were to compare her to Aisha, saying there's no inferiority would just be sugarcoating it.

 Well, she did come here after journeying for a year. It was an exam she took soon after settling down, it can't be helped.

 I'm sure at least she would have liked a chance to study and review.

 Eh, there's no need to rush.

 It's fine as long she improves from here on.

 Even if she can't become number one, setting average as the final goal is not a problem.

 Human society is made up of compromises like that.

 It's fine if you're not superior. It's fine if you're just average.

 "Norn, which subject do you want to study?"

 "…"

 Norn didn't respond.

 Just continuing with her eyes cast down, averting her eyes with a sullen face…

 It seems she still doesn't like me.

 I'd like to close the distance a bit more between her and me.

 However, well, I wonder what can be done about it.

 "I'm not all that familiar with the subjects that can be studied though… If I remember correctly, after studying the common knowledge class work for three years, you're allowed to choose. In our school, there's some pretty interesting lessons you can take. For the time being, try attending for a few years and see if you can find something that you would like to do. If there's nothing, I think it wouldn't be a bad idea to try and specialize in healing magic. Mother was a healing magician as well after all. Since there's few healing magicians around this area, you'll be able to find work in a doctor's office or hospital."

 "…"

 Since there was no reply, I was just going on and on talking myself.

 And suddenly, Norn looked this way.

 It was somehow a gaze that wanted to say something.

 I kept silent.

 "…I want to try living in the dorm."

 Norn quietly said that with a nervous tone of voice.

 I started to think over those words.

 "Living in the dorms, huh."

 That's no good.

 Though, it'll be simple to just reject it.

 However, I'll try thinking about it seriously.

 It seems that Norn went out of her way to gather her courage after all.

 First off, it's having a 10 year old young girl living on her own.

 Regardless of other things, that's too soon.

 However, living in a dorm isn't living alone.

 Fundamentally, there are two people per room.

 Since Norn came over here, she only has a few acquaintances.

 She has no friends as well.

 If she were to live in the dorm, she might be able to make friends.

 I'm sure there are more or less some problems in regards to her age though.

 There are kids in that school who start living in the dorms and attending from a younger age as well.

 The dorm has some extent of precise rules and is a safe place.

 Even saying she's 10 years old, I'm sure she won't be inconvenienced.

 I want to get along a bit better with her, but if things continue in this state… I have the feeling that even if we manage to get closer physically, we'll just remain at the same distance emotionally.

 In my previous life I was always secluded in my parents' house.

 Secluded, rejecting everything.

 My family tried making plans for this and that in order to try and close the distance between us.

 Fishing using expensive items, bringing delicious tasting things, talking about the future with sweet words.

 Each time, I felt like my heart was getting further away from my family.

 I got the feeling like I was being treated as an animal.

 Rather than living in the same place, seeing each other's faces everyday, and speaking of each other's complexion, living in a somewhat separated place and watching over her from a distance might be the better option wouldn't it?

 Isn't it important for each side to mutually calm down and look over things in regards to the other side?

 Aisha took on a natural attitude that looks down on Norn.

 I've told her to be careful about it, but since the person herself doesn't seem to be self-conscientious about it, the disposition is a bit bad.

 I'm sure there's no other option than to try and fix it over a long period.

 Being looked down on by Aisha inside the house, continually unable to face me whom she hates…

 I don't think I can stand at the top myself, but in this world, I am considered excellent as I go about.

 The bitterness of trying to grow up surrounded by superior siblings…

 There's no option other than running away from home.

 I already know the fate of a young girl who runs away from home.

 Being pulled in by a bad man in exchange for letting her stay over, requesting these sorts of things and those sorts of things.

 If that's the case, then from the start, it's better to have her stay in a place that is safe I'm sure.

 Besides, Sylphy is in the dorms as well.

 She stays at home once every three days, but in reverse, that means she's at the dorm two out of every three days.

 If a time ever comes up where something happens, I'm sure she can quickly support her.

 Fortunately, it seems Norn doesn't hate Sylphy.

 I guess the naked socializing on the first day was having an effect.

 Yeah, after thinking about it, I don't think it's a half bad suggestion.

 Living in the dorms at 10 years old.

 I wonder if she can properly learn to be independent and socialize properly.

 "I get it. It's fine for Norn to live in the dorm. I'll submit an application."

 "Eh!! Onii-chan!?"

 The one who raised her voice in surprise was Aisha.

 She was making a face like she couldn't believe it.

 "Why! Norn-ane's scores weren't good at all!"

 Her maid tone from just before had crumbled.

 "Aisha??"

 "Even though I put that much effort into it! It's no fair for just Norn-ane!"

 It's not that sort of problem.

 However, looking at it from Aisha's side, it might look like I'm showing favoritism.

 In order for her own wishes to be fulfilled, she took full points on the exam.

 It could be that during this past week, she's been reviewing and preparing for it in a place where I wasn't watching.

 Norn didn't do anything.

 And yet, I'm allowing Norn to do as she wants.

 That is unfair. It is favoritism.

 During times like these, I wonder what my parents said in my previous life.

 I can't remember.

 For example, listen to what I tell you or listen to what I say. I have the feeling I was told something like that.

 I wonder if I was able to agree with that.

 I'm sure I wasn't able to.

 I wonder about Aisha.

 Would she be able to accept it with that way of talking.

 I'm sure she wouldn't be able to.

 No, she's a superior child.

 I'm sure, if I told her what I was thinking, she would understand it.

 That's what I think, but that might just be my arrogance.

 In any case, I'll try talking to her and see.

 "Aisha. It's not like I'm particularly listening to Norn's selfishness. Just, I thought that living in the dorm would be better for her sake."

 "But."

 "Norn hasn't made any acquaintances since she came over here… Well, I can't really say much myself, since things don't really balance up with me as well. I'm sure you've seen this past week, but it almost looks like breathing has become difficult."

 "But, Otou-san said… we should live together with Onii-chan."

 Hm.

 After being told like that, I feel like I have no choice other than to tie Norn to the house.

 No, there's no way that's the case.

 There's no way it's better to always do as one is told.

 Paul is often mistaken after all.

 I can't really say that my decision is correct as well though.

 "Of course, I have no intention of abandoning my duty of looking after you two. But, if things continue like this, things won't end up well for Norn. By living in the dorm, she might be able to obtain something."

 "…"

 Aisha cast her eyes down.

 For some reason, those eyes had tears building up in them.

 "…Showing partiality to Norn-ane, is it because my mother is a mistress?"

 Abruptly, Aisha said those things.

 Mistress.

 After hearing those words.

 I instinctively felt that this is bad.

 "By mistress, you mean Lilia-san? Aisha, who told you that? Was it Otou-san? There's no way Norn could have said it right?"

 "Mother and also Norn's grandmother…"

 Large tears were falling from Aisha's eyes.

 Speaking of Lilia and Norn's grandmother, in other words, Zenith's parents' home.

 I can't help that Lilia has said it.

 She feels one step drawn back in regards to Zenith and I.

 It seems she intends to pass things through completely with the position of a maid.

 Therefore, it can't be helped if she makes the request for the position to be one step back in regards to Zenith's daughter.

 I'm sure Paul would connect with them equally, but by no means does that make them equivalent.

 Zenith's parents are nobles.

 If I remember correctly, it was a house with a considerable pedigree.

 My aunt, Therese, was by no means a bad person.

 However, it's not like everyone has a lenient way of thinking about the social position.

 In the first place, they have reason to be affectionate towards Zenith's daughter, but if it's Lilia's daughter, then there's no reason to be affectionate.

 They're not related by blood after all.

 It's not a matter of blaming either side.

 It's that sort of culture.

 "Is it because I'm only connected half by blood…[sniffle]…"

 However, there's no way a child wouldn't be hurt over things like that.

 Aisha with her face completely crumpled up started hiccuping.

 I might have misunderstood something a bit.

 Aisha is a difficult child in Aisha's own way.

 "I don't think of Lilia-san as a mistress at all. I feel that both you and Norn are equally my little sisters."

 "But… I, gusu… worked hard, studied, and took the exam, Norn-ane is??"

 Aisha was appealing while crying between pauses.

 After all it seems she studied for it.

 Even though there was only one week before the exam.

 She was able to take a good score…

 "Aisha."

 "What is it?"

 "You might not understand if I put it into words, but I intend to recognize your hard work. Therefore, I permitted the fact that you don't have to go to school."

 "But, you said Norn-ane is allowed to stay in the dorm??"

 [Sniffle], Aisha's nasal voice is sounding in my heart.

 However, this isn't favoritism.

 "In regards to everything, I intend to make decisions based on that time. For example, if you were to say you wanted to go to school starting now or wanted to enter the dorm, I would allow that. But in reverse, if Norn said she doesn't want to go to school, or says she wants to do work around the house, I won't allow that because you got full points on the exam."

 After saying that, Aisha bent her lips and kept silent.

 And then,

 "……I understand."

 Having said that, it seems like she still has some dissatisfaction.

 However, in the end, she accepted it with a nod.

 Norn watched over this situation in a way that she wasn't finding anything amusing.

 However, I feel like I can see a bit of the setting.

 Zenith's family were looking down on Aisha as an illegitimate child.

 And with that, Aisha gave it her best in order to not lose to Norn.

 As expected, Paul never made any sort of distinction though…

 It seems that in a place I wasn't aware, the relationship between my two little sisters turned into something distorted.

 There are no longer any nobles nearby.

 There's no one to look down on Aisha.

 If I properly keep them company, then with time, things should be resolved.

 "For the time being, I'll add a condition onto that. Norn, at least once every ten days, you need to show your face in this house."

 After saying that, Norn lowered her eyebrows.

 "…For what reason?"

 "Because I'll worry."

 Also, I have responsibility as the overseer.

 I wouldn't be able to show my face in front of Paul if I left her in the dorm and abandoned her there,

 "…I understand."

 Norn nodded with an unwilling feeling.

 Part 3

 My new lifestyle started to include my two little sisters.

 I put in an application at the dorms for Norn's sake and prepared for her to be accepted there.

 I talked with Sylphy about it as well, and if anything happens within the dorm, I sincerely requested for her to take care of it.

 "Are you going to keep Norn-chan at a distance?"

 Sylphy used a bit of a condemning tone of voice.

 In her regard, she might think it's best for Norn's sake that she remains in the house and does various things.

 Even I think that's a possibility as well.

 But, if I think about the things that occurred the other day, I can't think that's the best decision.

 I told Sylphy about that matter.

 "It might be better not to keep Aisha and Norn together. It seems like a variety of things were said about a mistress and such. It's not like I'm pushing her to a distance. We're just suddenly far too close, so I'm putting a bit of distance between us."

 "Hnnn… those sorts of things happened… I get it. As much as possible, I'll try to keep an eye on Norn-chan as well."

 Sylphy pleasantly nodded in agreement.

 It would be good as long as this continues in a good direction.

 Part 4

 Aisha has become our house maid.

 She is superior.

 Ever since Aisha has started taking care of things in the house, the burden on Sylphy has largely been reduced.

 Aisha is doing all of the cleaning.

 The laundry is done by Aisha as well.

 My jobs have been taken away by Aisha.

 This means that I can't stroke or rub my cheeks against Sylphy's used panties anymore.

 Giving up on it, unable to explain it, I have no choice other than to move on just like before.

 There are duties which we couldn't hand over to her though--shopping and cooking are done by Sylphy.

 Aisha is a helper.

 Other than that, arrangements for cleaning the chimney, greeting the people who live in the neighborhood, and all these other things that I never realized were being done in succession as well.

 She's really excellent.

 She stands out and makes no mistakes. She has no faults.

 I'm sure she's putting in effort in places I can't see as well.

 It seems Aisha intends to take being a maid seriously.

 Taking off the mask of a little sister, doing her duty with a steel will.

 It's the result of Lilia's education.

 She would generally take care of various things around the house. When we return, she would help Sylphy with making meals, help me out with preparing the bath, prepare a change of clothes before Sylphy and I enter the bath, help Sylphy after getting out of the bath, brush and set her hair.

 Even on the days of her night shift, she would put on winter clothes and head out saying, [I will now conduct myself to the madam and return.]

 It seems Sylphy somehow feels a bit troubled by it.

 It's actually quite enjoyable to watch those two.

 Also, during times when visitors come by, she looks after them as well.

 Though I say that, the only one that has come these past few days is just Nanahoshi.

 The other day she came to formally say her thanks again.

 She said she wanted to prepare something as thanks, so I requested some kind of useful magic circle that makes use of summoning magic.

 On the occasion that the experiment proceeds to the second phase, it seems she'll give me an explanation.

 In regards to Nanahoshi, Aisha was truly diligent in looking after her.

 Preparing the bath and a change of clothes, even up to washing her body…

 It seems Nanahoshi was considerably irritated by it.

 In response, I was sarcastically told that working my little sister so hard is something a fiend would do.

 In her regard, the bath might be isolated, rich, and something that she can't help but be appeased by.

 The next time Nanahoshi comes to enter the bath, I'll tell her to try and keep her distance.

 Later on, when I do something in the living room, she goes around doing this and that to take care of me.

 Confirming the situation of the fire in the fireplace, bringing out some kind of warm drink…

 I really do feel that it's a bit odd to be taken care of like this by my little sister.

 However, Aisha is doing it so happily.

 I'm sure it will be fine to continue like this for a while.

 It's not like I'm coercing her into it…

 Is what I was thinking, but if you use magic from the time when you're young, your aggregate amount of magic power will increase.

 I remembered such rules.

 If she's not going to school, then at the very least, I think it would be good if she just trains her magic power.

 After reaching 10 years of age, it won't grow all that much, but even then, it will mean her future growth is still positive.

 Taking the opportunity as well, I'm sure it would be for the best if she can use attack magic up to the intermediate level.

 Though there's no problems living with just elementary level, intermediate is the easiest to use in actual combat.

 "Aisha, come over here for a bit. I'm going to teach you magic."

 "Onii-chan is going to teach me!?"

 Aisha was making a face like she was really happy.

 When her feelings are greatly moved, her tone tends to get disturbed.

 She still hasn't reached Lilia's level it seems.

 "It's just in case you ever need it. Even if you say no…"

 "There's no way I would say I don't want it!"

 Saying that, Aisha jumped on top of my lap.

 Oh, cute.

 "I'm in your care!"

 It became that Aisha would be taught magic by me.

 Even though I say that, she's already learned all the basics.

 Just because she hasn't learned it yet, if she just reads a magic textbook, she can quickly learn intermediate magic I'm sure.

 Incidentally, she was unable to use voiceless incantation.

 It seems to be impossible to do by 10 year old after all.

 For the time being, I obligated her to use up almost all of her magic power everyday.

 During the night, Aisha would come crawling into my bed.

 "Onii-chan, is it fine for me to sleep together with you?"

 Since that one thing happened just the other day, I'm being a bit too sweet towards Aisha as well.

 Well, something like sleeping together is fine I'm sure.

 "Sure it is, now come."

 I didn't make any complaints in particular and invited her into the bed.

 Aisha's body is smaller than Sylphy's and she has a high body temperature.

 Since this region is cold, she's the best as a hugging pillow.

 Of course, nothing on the erotic side goes on.

 Honestly, I don't feel like I can get into an erotic mood.

 In the first place, she still hasn't finished developing her secondary sexual characteristics.

 It seems she does have the knowledge itself though, but the point of sexual desire is still in the future I'm sure.

 I have nothing to feel guilty about.

 Well, if Aisha ends up holding sexual desires towards me, then she'll have to give up on it at that time.

 I have nothing to say about anything in relation to near relatives though.

 I just don't want to destroy the relationship with my family.

 Part 5

 Well, while the days when Sylphy isn't around are fine, the problem lies on the days when there's no night shift.

 My night life together with Sylphy once every three days…

 Since my little sister is here as well, I thought we should hold back for a short while.

 However, after thinking about how there's a defenseless girl sleeping next to me, there's no way I can endure it.

 No, in reality, I should be able to endure it though… If I were to take care of things myself.

 Nevertheless, inside of the house, Aisha is always hanging around me.

 There's no way I could take care of it in the toilet at school.

 Even though I have a wife, taking care of it myself is somehow a waste.

 And in the end, while worrying about things, it ended up saving up.

 In this young body with strong sexual desire, if I don't take care of it within a week, it will be on the verge of spontaneous discharge.

 Next to such a young body, try putting a cute sleeping girl.

 Not to mention that girl is all okay without NGs.

 She's giving it her best to try and make a child. With her saying such lovable things, trying to endure seems stupid.

 "Fu…"

 As a result, the hustle was overdone to the end.

 For the time being, I did make sure to lock the door, and I enhanced the soundproofing of it with earth magic as well.

 …I just have to pray that Aisha doesn't try to peek from her side.

 "Rudi, today you were amazing…"

 Afterwards, Sylphy was left quite listless.

 Soaked in sweat, her slightly disheveled hair was just a bit glossed.

 Now that the sweet pillow talk has ended, I begin wiping her body down with a wet towel while sitting on top of the bed in room clothes.

 The room clothes were made with a soft material - they're clothes with a bit of a plain feeling to them.

 Rather than sweats, they're close to jerseys.

 [They aren't very sexy are they?] is what Sylphy said, but that's completely wrong.

 For Sylphy's sex appeal rather, these sorts of outfits in specific bring it to life.

 It kind of feels like a track & field club girl is sitting down on top of the bed.

 Precisely because the sexiness is sparse that in reverse accelerates the arousal.

 It's the so-called artistic inclination.

 For example, if this was the black negligee that Eris wore, Elinalise were wearing it saying some kind provocative words, or Rinia and Pursena with their voluptuous flesh, it wouldn't end up like this.

 It suits Sylphy's lack of sex appeal.

 "…"

 "Hn? What is it Rudi?"

 When I realize it, I'm caressing Sylphy's slender body from behind.

 It sure is a good body.

 There are few uneven spots, but it's not a plain.

 There's some fat, but for some reason, it's soft.

 Just by embracing and caressing her like this, my lightning rod faces upwards.

 "Umm… Do you still want to do it more?"

 "No, Sylphy has work tomorrow as well. I'll endure it. Tomorrow morning, I'll be satisfied with groping them a bit."

 "Really… it's fine if you don't endure it though, okay."

 Sylphy fell over onto the bed…

 And then faced me and held out both of her arms towards me.

 "It's fine, Rudi. Come."

 Sylphy said that shyly and full of bashfulness.

 My patience turned into a gestalt collapse in an instant.

 I already don't know the meaning of patience anymore.

 I matched both of my hands together, and then while jumping straight out of my clothes, I dived in aiming at Sylphy.

 The night has that sort of feeling to it.

 Part 6

 Now.

 Speaking of Norn, during the time when all of the preparations for the dorm were being done, she was docile for several days.

 She didn't say anything in specific towards me.

 Even though I say that, it's not like her attitude was specifically bad either.

 If I say anything, she would do it, and she honestly listens to what I say.

 Just, if you were to ask if we were getting along well, it's a difficult place.

 In my regards, I'd like to deepen my friendship with Norn a bit more.

 Which is why I tried asking her once, "Do you want to enter the bath together?"

 The so-called naked socializing that is.

 "…No."

 However, Norn refused it with an extremely unpleasant face.

 In exchange, Aisha said, "Ah, I'll enter together with you," and then washed my back and even ended up giving me a massage.

 Aisha can handle everything easily without slipping up.

 Even her washing method is skillful. She will become a splendid soap lady.

 No, I'll be troubled if she becomes one though.

 Part 7

 The preparations for Norn to enter the dorm were completed after several days.

 It seems her roommate is a fourth year student.

 In the same year as Nanahoshi huh.

 If it was at least a fifth or sixth year, then I have acquaintances though.

 Her roommate had a cap almost like a cockatoo's, it was a girl like a small parrot.

 Matching up with that feeling, she moves with a jumpy feel.

 She's either a Demon Race or a bird-type Beast Race.

 Her name is Melissa.

 She wasn't a person who had any bad rumors about her.

 There are many half and quarter races in this school.

 I need to make sure Norn doesn't say any sort of discriminating statements.

 For the time being, it might be better to just leave her with greetings.

 Thinking that, I approached her with a smile, but she was frightened.

 She couldn't even talk.

 That frightened.

 It might be better to keep it hidden that I'm related to Norn in the school.

 I'm treated as the Bancho in this school after all.

 It would be pitiful if she was feared and unable to make any friends because of that.

 Well, I want to think things will work out somehow without worrying that much.

 If I overlook things from one to ten, then I might end up excessively caring for her after all.

 If it comes down to it, she can rely on Sylphy and Luke, or Ariel.

 Those three are popular in the school.

 If you're together with those three, people gather.

 If a person enters into that group, naturally, they'll be associated with its social interactions and make friends as well.

 No, in reverse, if it's those three, there's the possibility that she might be jealous.

 No-no, just like that, treading through those stormy seas is also something that connects into growth isn't it?

 Hmm.

 How difficult.

 Social disposition is really difficult.

 In any case, it won't be good if Norn doesn't manage to do something about it herself.

 I'm sure it would be better to not interfere until something happens.

 For a short while, I'll wait-and-see.

 Even though I say that, yeah, I'm worried.

 After all, wouldn't it be better for her to commute from home.

 The day we sent Norn to the dorm, I told Norn, who was holding her bag while wearing a uniform, about various points to be careful on.

 In the dorm, you need to abide by the rules.

 She needs to give it her best when studying.

 Even if she sees a Demon Race, don't be discriminatory.

 There were a lot of things I wanted to say, but if I say too much, she won't remember them all.

 "Norn. If something troubles you at school, please tell me or Sylphy."

 For the time being, I'll at least say that much.

 "Yes."

 Norn responded like that without looking me in the eyes.

 I wonder if the day will ever come that I can get along with her.

 I'm uneasy.

 "Also, when you wake up and before you sleep, properly brush your teeth."

 "Yes."

 I need to say this as well.

 "Enter the bath as well."

 "Yes."

 I need to say that as well.

 "Do your homework as well."

 "…Yes."

 That's right, there's things about illnesses as well.

 "Don't catch a cold."

 "…"

 She was looking at me with extremely annoyed eyes.

 As I thought, I'm a bit worried.

 Side Chapter: Doll Research & Master-Servant Relationship

 Around the time when Nanahoshi was troubled and Zanoba settled it,

 He had actually explained one secret of the doll a while back.

 This happened about a week earlier, before Nanahoshi went berserk.

 Part 1

 "Shishou, take a look at this."

 That day.

 When he entered the research lab, Zanoba was happily carrying a box.

 His expression was many times more boastful than usual.

 "What's this?"

 "It's the arm of that doll from the other day."

 Zanoba put the box on the table and took out the contents wrapped in cloth.

 When the cloth was unwrapped, just like Zanoba said, there was an arm of a doll.

 However, it looked as if it was cut into round slices like sweet bean jelly.

 "I saw there was a joint on the portion where the paint wore off, so when I split it thinking that was the case, it became like this."

 Zanoba showed me the cross-sections of the arm.

 A pattern like a QR code was compactly written on there.

 It's a magic circle.

 It's completely different from what Nanahoshi draws.

 It's a mysterious pattern.

 That were different patterns on the cross-sectioned parts.

 The back and the front.

 The patterns were slightly different.

 Even though they were part of the same joint, they were not the same.

 "I see… the magic circle was compacted even at the arm. It's interesting that it differs at the surface joints."

 It's like seeing the cross-section of meat.

 Like a vivid view of a human body cut into round slices.

 "Still, I didn't realize there were joints to this."

 "Even I wouldn't have realized this if the paint wasn't falling off."

 "I see."

 Zanoba seemed very excited at making such an important discovery.

 I am rather calm myself.

 I knew that it couldn't move without applying some special craft to it.

 "I see, with that many magic inscriptions written, it can only move so little."

 "Oh? Shishou, do you understand these magic inscriptions?"

 "Nope, not a clue."

 These magic circles, they were only meant to move the arm.

 Or rather, if those inscriptions weren't written on the arm, it couldn't be controlled?

 Or was it something else?

 I wouldn't know unless we researched it.

 In any case, this doll was loitering inside the house in the middle of the night, going around and cleaning.

 If it found enemies, it would go and eliminate them.

 Once it finished cleaning, it would return to the charging station to recharge.

 It had that sort of function.

 Even a Roomba didn't have that kind of efficiency.

 To have an ability like exterminating enemies, that's already like a Roach Motel.

 It’s not like the doll was completed merely by scribbling inscriptions on its head and body.

 I don't want to make a Roomba.

 I want to make a moving doll.

 I want to see one in action.

 If I can make one that moves, it will sell well.

 I can probably sell it for a pretty high price.

 No, it's not like I want a large sum of money.

 I like money as much as anyone, but even if I have a lot of it, it's wasted on someone like me.

 Although it's a different story, if I was to make a doll that could restore the honor of the Superd Race…

 That was one of my dreams.

 Another dream was of having a maid robot.

 "There must be a magic circle to control the movement in the head or torso. If you locate it, please 'break' it carefully."

 "Yes, Shishou."

 Zanoba nodded and wrapped the pieces of the arm and placed it back into the box.

 Part 2

 Thus, with that kind of discovery, Zanoba came up with a theory.

 With that theory in mind he helped Nanahoshi complete her layered magic inscription.

 Even though she was about to give up, she successfully summoned something from another world.

 I am sure I can complete my maid robot soon.

 That reality is not far away.

 When that thought comes to me, I become motivated.

 Today, like any other day, I headed to Zanoba's laboratory.

 My steps were light.

 "Zanoba, I'm coming in."

 I knocked once, and then I entered into Zanoba's lab.

 There was a girl standing there acting as the gatekeeper.

 Although not a beautiful woman, it was a woman that I recognized.

 "Ooh, Ginger-san, it's been a while."

 She had eyed me with suspicion, but when I greeted her, she bowed her head with a straight face.

 "If it isn't Sir Rudeus. It's been a while."

 A former knight of Shirone, and a bodyguard of the Third Prince Zanoba:

 Ginger York.

 How nostalgic.

 "I had thought about greeting you at least once, but it's been a little hectic."

 "Not a problem. In fact, I apologize. I had not thanked you for guarding my sisters without compensation…"

 "Thanks to Aisha-dono, our trip was very quick. That is already my compensation."

 Ginger waved me in, and I entered the lab.

 Zanoba and Julie were working as usual.

 Zanoba was transcribing the magic circles, and Julie was chiseling a figurine.

 In any case, Julie seemed to be nearly finished, so I went to take a look.

 "How is it?"

 "Yes, it's almost complete, Grandmaster. What do you think?"

 "This Zanoba doll is pretty good. But doesn't he look a bit too attractive?"

 "Master is cool."

 Yup.

 She's still unrefined, but she's got good taste.

 She has been learning quickly.

 Zanoba was taking a bit more time.

 When I looked, Ginger was suddenly looking at me.

 "…What is it, Ginger-san?"

 "No, it's nothing… just that, you seem to have grown a lot."

 "The last time we met was about four years ago I think? Of course I've grown."

 Recently, I felt that many people have said that I looked cool.

 It could be that my sex appeal was flowing out.

 If I hadn't married Sylphy, I would probably have had a harem by now.

 No, having a harem would be a disaster in its own way.

 It doesn't seem like I can casually raise kids in that scenario.

 "Come to think of it, what will you do from now on, Ginger-san?"

 "I am thinking of staying by Zanoba's side."

 "So you mean to go back to being his guard?"

 "Yes, since I have completed my mission."

 The mission of guarding Lilia and Aisha.

 She was loyal in protecting the both of them, for a mission that spanned many years.

 What admirable loyalty.

 Zanoba should reward this lady more.

 A blessing and duty.

 "Zanoba, shouldn't you give her some kind of reward?"

 "No, Rudeus-dono, I am…"

 "Hmm. You're right. Ginger, is there anything that you want?"

 Zanoba asked that question.

 Ginger stared in puzzlement.

 Surely, she had not received anything from Zanoba up till now.

 She thought for a moment, then knelt on one knee with her head bowed down.

 Then, she spoke.

 "In that case, please allow me to educate Julie. While she is the disciple of Sir Rudeus, to have her work for Zanoba may be slightly rude."

 "Very well, I give you permission."

 "Yes! Thank you very much!"

 Permission to teach, huh.

 Different from what I expected.

 In the end, it's all for Zanoba's sake, no?

 No, it may be that slaves were not meant to receive higher-quality education.

 Humans ate the fruit of wisdom and were chased out from the Garden of Eden.

 Before obtaining wisdom, human beings were happy-go-lucky and did not have any doubts.

 To a ruler, it's good that people under them remained stupid.

 That's why slaves don’t receive education.

 The risk of rebellion would increase.

 Although in exchange, their productivity also increases.

 Well, it's fine.

 It would be troubling if she were to demand a plot of land.

 I don't hate a loyal relationship where one doesn't ask for much.

 "Now, let's talk about the research. How's it going?"

 "I'm thinking of starting on the feet next."

 "I was just thinking that as well, but wouldn't it be better to research the inscriptions on the arms thoroughly before starting the feet? Once you break it apart, you can't put it back together."

 "Yeah, you're right."

 "If we show this to Cliff-senpai or Nanahoshi, they might know something."

 Zanoba and I started to disassemble the second arm.

 Suddenly, Ginger was standing next to me.

 Looking at her, she showed an expression of wanting to say something.

 "What is it?"

 "Rudeus-dono… Um, even if Zanoba may be comfortable, he's still Shirone royalty. No matter what kind of master-servant relationship you guys have, isn't it impolite to ask in that manner?"

 "Hmm?"

 Impolite.

 Come to think of it, I've been speaking to Zanoba in a casual manner today.

 Normally, I think of speaking using honorifics.

 But after speaking with Aisha a few days back, I might have relaxed my awareness a bit.

 As a retainer, to hear such impolite words directed at her master, she would probably feel irritated.

 It can't be helped, guess I'll use honorifics when I am in front of Ginger.

 "You're right, I apologize. I've been careless and spoiled by Zanoba's goodwill…"

 When I said that.

 Zanoba moved.

 "GINGERRRRR!"

 Zanoba grabbed Ginger's neck.

 She was lifted up and pushed against the wall.

 It made a loud thudding noise.

 Julie was surprised and stopped moving her hands.

 "You bastard! Even though Shisho has opened his heart towards me! What are you saying?! Apologize! Apologize to Shisho right now!"

 "Guh… uughh…!"

 Ginger was in pain.

 …Hey.

 Hey, she's seriously being choked.

 This is overdoing it!

 "Zanoba! Zanoba! Let her go!"

 When I shouted, Zanoba released his hands.

 Ginger's neck showed Zanoba's grip marks very clearly.

 She tried grasping at her neck, and her pale face grimaced at the pain.

 She couldn't lift her hands. It seems when she was pushed up against the wall her shoulder bones had broken.

 I immediately chanted healing magic and healed her wounds.

 Ginger knelt in front of me and bowed her head.

 "Cough… Cough… Rudeus-dono, I apologize."

 She apologized to me.

 Even more so, after being strangled…

 "…"

 I couldn't endure this feeling.

 You're apologizing to me, isn't this wrong?

 Ginger shouldn't be blamed for this.

 I turned to Zanoba.

 "Zanoba! Are you an idiot?!"

 "Huh…? But Shisho, she selfishly said those things without any regard to our relationship…"

 "Even so, just words would have sufficed!"

 Ginger had served for a long time.

 She had protected my family for four years in foreign lands.

 She came all the way back here despite suffering hardships during those years.

 However, with just one word of impoliteness, her throat was crushed, and her shoulders were broken.

 This was too cruel.

 I treasure the fact that he and I get along.

 It even makes me very happy.

 However, he shouldn't make light of a woman who has remained faithful all this time.

 "No, Rudeus-dono, it's fine. Although I had not seen him for a while, Zanoba has grown up splendidly. I am not upset at all."

 Ginger said that with a straight face.

 …Huh?

 Was I wrong?

 I had thought she should have been rewarded more.

 Was I thoughtless in saying that?

 "…Zanoba."

 "Yes, Shisho."

 "I think that you're a great friend."

 When I said that, Zanoba's face lit up.

 "However, Ginger has protected my family. Ever since we had parted, for the past four years, she has always looked over them. She's someone I am indebted to. Please don't make light of that."

 "I understand Shisho. Ginger, I apologize."

 Zanoba made a meek face and nodded.

 However, Ginger spoke.

 "No, Sir Zanoba. Those words are unnecessary. As I've sworn allegiance to you with my entire being, I will not be discontent even if I were to die. I apologize for my impertinence."

 With Ginger's formal attitude, I can no longer say anything.

 So this is another form of a master-servant relationship.

 If Zanoba was wrong, should I give advice properly?

 No, it's fine.

 It's not something I should be worried about.

 As I don't know the common sense of Shirone's hierarchy, I would just be making a mess of things if I were to cut into this.

 Part 3

 Putting aside Ginger and Zanoba's relationship, the research on the autonomous doll was going well.

 "Now, although I said to focus on the arms, you can proceed at your own discretion."

 "No, let's go with Shisho's plan. Rather than breaking it apart and reassembling it, it would be safer to recreate the same arm."

 Thus, it was decided that we analyse the arm.

 I should get Cliff and Nanahoshi to help out as well.

 Otherwise, Zanoba would probably proceed by himself.

 Although I wanted to meddle around a bit, it seems like he can handle it himself, so there's no need.

 "Please leave it to me. It seems that I am becoming quite talented at this."

 "Oh, is that so?"

 "Yes, even though I surprised myself, recently, I've been enlightened every day."

 Doing his favorite research all day long.

 Next to him is a doll making specialist.

 So to him, it must be his ideal everyday life.

 However, what will happen after he graduates?

 Will he be settling down here?

 Well, that's not for me to decide.

 Even if one of Zanoba's reasons to do so was me.

 "Well, keep it up, I'll come by again."

 "I'll be waiting for you."

 "Please treat Ginger gently."

 "Of course."

 With that exchange, I left the laboratory.

 ---

 Thus, the research on the doll continued.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
