Volume 11  7 — Delinquent Leader & His Allies

Volume 11 Chapter 7 - Delinquent Leader & His Allies

 

 Part 1

 That being said, a month has passed by.

 Today at Ronoa Magic University the Delinquent Group held a meeting.

 …In other words.

 It's the Special Student Homeroom session.

 ---

 Currently, I am worried.

 About my sister Norn.

 Even since she started living in the dorms, our relationship hasn't gotten any better.

 On the contrary, when we see each other in the hallway, she ignores me.

 At times she seems to gaze at me frankly with scornful eyes.

 Well, that might just be my persecution complex taking over…

 In any case, we aren't getting along.

 Well, that's fine.

 It's fine.

 Even though I'm a bit lonely, it's fine.

 It's not like we absolutely have to get along as siblings.

 Even if we don't normally get along, I'll protect Norn if anything happens.

 Even if something happens I can't become an over-demanding parent.

 Yeah.

 Being in position of the leader of misfits sure is convenient.

 Aside from bullying homeroom teachers, I can do anything.

 And since I know Jinas, I can consult with him.

 That is to say I can consult with them about many things.

 I should probably send some gifts to Jinas this time.

 However, over the span of this month, Norn has not made a single friend.

 Even though I see her in the hallways, she's alone most of the time.

 Even though she doesn't seem lonely, seeing that makes me worried.

 Well, I'll think of something even if she doesn't make any friends.

 But, is she doing ok in class?

 Is she ok living in the dorms?

 I am really worried.

 Having said that, it would be wrong for me to get too involved.

 Speaking of first years that I know, it would be that first-year representative delinquent.

 If I use her to forcibly help Norn out, she would definitely find out and hate me.

 Besides, what's that first-year rep's name again?

 All I remember was that she looks like a Siberian Husky puppy.

 "Boss seems to be down lately nya."

 "Yeah nano."

 While I was worrying, Rinia and Pursena peeked at me with their heads.

 The noisy bunch, the two of them.

 These girls are the idols to the males of the Beast Race.

 Ever since I went and reconciled with Princess Ariel, they've been surrounded by underlings frequently in the hallways.

 They definitely don't have to worry about a lack of friends.

 "Since you're like this, boss, we've prepared a present for you nya."

 "It took us a month to prepare it nano."

 Saying that, Rinia placed a bag on top of the desk.

 It was pretty big.

 I wonder what's inside?

 "Oh, don't look inside until you get home nya."

 "Open it when nobody's looking nano."

 Hey, that's suspicious.

 What is it?

 Is it that? That powder?

 Happy Turn Powder?

 In the northern lands to the east, in one part of the Demon Continent, there was a powder circulating in the markets that brings you happiness.

 In this country, there are no laws specifically forbidding drugs.

 As far as I know, Milis and Asura have laws regarding that, but there are none in this region.

 Of course, I won't go out of my way to get powder.

 If it's poisonous or if it makes me go into withdrawal, my intermediate detoxification magic won't work.

 I heard that Saint level detoxification can suppress those withdrawal symptoms, though.

 In the beginning, it's not like I really need to rely on powder.

 However, I might need to use for something.

 I'll keep it for now.

 If I run into financial troubles, it'll sell pretty well.

 "Thank you very much."

 "It's nothing at all nya."

 "Boss is having trouble down there as well nano."

 Ah.

 That's right.

 Speaking of which, these two live in the dorms.

 Living in the dorms for six years, they should know various things.

 I should consult with them a bit.

 "Actually, I am worried about my little sister."

 "Little sister? Ah, we met her the other time nya. The girl that's dressed like a maid."

 "She was at the marketplace. We knew by her smell. She smelled like the boss."

 It seems like the two of them had met with Aisha in the city.

 The maid sister frequently sleeps together with me, which would explain why they could smell my presence on her.

 "It's not her, it's my other sister who started living in the dorms last month."

 "Eh? There was another nya?"

 "She's living in the dorms nano?"

 The two of them exchanged glances.

 They haven't been introduced to Norn, but it seems they wouldn't have realized it even if they had met.

 Since she hasn't been around me, they probably couldn't smell my presence from her.

 "Yes, but she seems to hate me, and recently hasn't been talking. What can I do to get along with her?"

 "Eh, ummm… let's see nya. It's a difficult problem nya."

 "As long as we advertise Boss's good points it'll be fine nano."

 Manipulation of information.

 If people speak of Rudeus in the school as a popular super hero,

 then would Norn want to speak with me?

 Even if Rinia and Pursena did this, there are already stories of [Rudeus the leader of misfits] floating around.

 I want to have a more child-friendly story where I rescue a puppy or something.

 Maybe a story like when I first met Julie would be good.

 "Ah, that's right. My sister doesn't seem to have any friends. Even though it has only been a month, and I know I shouldn't be anxious. However, as a transfer student, I am worried that she isn't adapting to the class."

 "I, I see nya. But you don't know for sure nya."

 "It might just be that she doesn't have a chance to talk nano."

 Ever since we started talking, Rinia and Pursena are acting strange.

 As if they were flustered about something.

 When these two are stammering like this, it means they're hiding something.

 "…Don't tell me you guys laid a hand on my sister when I wasn't looking."

 "Th, that's not it at all nya!"

 "That's right! Totally unthinkable! Boss's advice to 'Never bully the weak', we take it to heart!"

 I see.

 Then, why are they flustering?

 Something's strange.

 But, since I've told them now, if Norn happens to get bullied, these two will protect her.

 "B, boss's sister, how old is she nya?"

 "Is she older than the maid nano? Or younger?"

 They asked something weird.

 Although she's older, she's only older by a couple of hours.

 "She's of the same age, she's ten."

 "I, I see nya!"

 "Then we're alright, we didn't do anything wrong nano."

 It seems they felt guilty.

 They probably were acting bossy towards the freshmen.

 Well, if they're just glaring at them, then it shouldn't be a problem.

 Those two were trembling in fear.

 Usually when giving other people presents you would be looking with anticipation.

 I've got a bad feeling about this.

 I feel like I want to open it now.

 "Preparing something like this for me, there's no way I would be angry."

 Even if there's a corpse of a rat inside… Well, I'll be shocked at the very least.

 Then, I saw Cliff sitting next to us.

 "What do you think, Cliff-senpai?"

 I decided to ask him on a whim.

 "…Hmph, you can survive even if you don't have friends!"

 When Cliff says that, it feels kinda heavy.

 I don't want you to worry, you're not alone.

 Elinalise is also with you.

 …Ah, and me as well.

 But, even if Cliff can't read the atmosphere,

 My heart as a brother wants him to know he has at least one person.

 Part 2

 Lunch break.

 Nanahoshi brought her own lunch to the cafeteria.

 She's realized that eating with people is important.

 Then again, she's very quiet when she eats.

 "What is it…?"

 "No, it's nothing."

 When I looked at her she stared at me.

 Even though she prepared her own food, she hasn't eaten much up to now.

 Although she doesn't seem to mind the taste, she doesn't act like it's delicious.

 "That seems awful."

 "Yeah, even though it's a recipe I made myself, it's the worst."

 "In this world, there aren't any good ingredients compared to Japan."

 "Yeah."

 "Do you have anything you like to eat in this world?"

 "Well, there's the potato chips I ate at your house. Those were delicious."

 Sylphy made those.

 Certainly, it's simple to make and the taste isn't very different.

 "Should I make some again?"

 "…No thanks."

 Alrighty, I'll prepare some the next time you come for a bath.

 However, this past month, Badigadi hasn't shown up.

 I haven't seen him once in the cafeteria.

 I wanted to speak to him about Ruijerd.

 Though, thanks to his absence, Julie's table manners have improved.

 Ginger taught etiquette to Julie.

 When Badigadi was around, this proved difficult.

 But, without Badigadi around, something felt off.

 That laughter was really enjoyable after all.

 I think it was written that laughter brings forth the substance of happiness.

 "Fuhahahahaha!"

 "W, why are you laughing suddenly, did I do something?"

 "Master?"

 "Grandmaster…?"

 Though I suddenly laughed,

 I just felt embarrassment swelling up.

 I just can't do it like Badigadi.

 "What are you laughing about?"

 Luke suddenly appeared.

 He was good-looking as ever, but he didn't have his followers today.

 Sylphy isn't with him either.

 "Since the Demon King isn't here, I tried to laugh like him."

 "I see… Rudeus. Can you please come to the Student Council Room?"

 Luke was putting on a complicated expression.

 Did something happen?

 "Understood."

 I quickly gulped down my food and followed Luke.

 Luke seemed angry.

 His footsteps were violent.

 When we entered the Student Council room, there were two other people waiting.

 Ariel's expression was the same as usual, although her face was a bit pale.

 Sylphy was also looking uneasy.

 In front of them on the desk was something like a small pouch.

 It seems something happened shortly after the new school term started.

 "Thanks for bringing me. Did something happen?"

 "Yes…"

 Ariel nodded.

 It was mixed with her sigh.

 Seems like it's a difficult subject.

 "Recently, the freshmen faces in the women's dorm have been pale lately."

 "Oh."

 Freshmen in the women's dorm.

 It seems this is related to Norn.

 "When I asked them, these students put on a worried expression."

 Perhaps Norn was involved?

 If that's so, I will cooperate as well.

 If I can resolve this problem in a splendid manner,

 then as a brother, I can be someone that she can respect.

 "Today, among the people I questioned in detail, about Rinia and Pursena, um…"

 It seems Rinia and Pursena are related to this as well.

 I told them not to bully the weak though.

 Maybe they were extorting other students?

 Something like cornering female students who had meat or beef jerky.

 "It seems they were coercing freshmen into giving up their panties on the spot."

 Panties?

 "…"

 In an instant, my gaze flew over to my bag.

 No way.

 But, it can't be.

 "And when I got more information, those two seems to be talking in the cafeteria saying [Boss will be happy] and such."

 "…"

 That means, there are panties in this bag.

 Moreover, ones that have not been washed.

 Oh My God.

 Who was the one that wanted this?

 Ah, I hate the me that's slightly happy.

 "Also, I heard the underwear they collected was put into a bag…"

 When Ariel said that, she silently looked at the bag that I was holding.

 Everybody in the room also gazed at the bag.

 They probably connected the information they just heard to this bag.

 They are probably quite certain that it's full of panties.

 My dream of a bag filled with panties has come true.

 "Rudeus-sama, pardon me, but…"

 "This bag is something I had received from Rinia and Pursena this morning. I was told not to look inside it until I was alone at home, but now that you said that, the contents inside this bag is most likely what you've guessed."

 I took the initiative. If I were to say it later it would be bad.

 "I see, then I just want to confirm… did you order them to do this?"

 "No, you're mistaken."

 I answered flat-out.

 Any hesitation in replying is unforgivable.

 I must answer firmly.

 Otherwise there'll be misunderstandings.

 "So you're saying you're not involved in this."

 "Correct."

 In the first place, why would I hatch such a crazy plan like this?

 Especially when my sister is in the dorms.

 Damn it, what excuse can I give?

 A way to clear this misunderstanding…

 "I understand, I'll believe you."

 Ariel sighed lightly as she spoke.

 She believed in me.

 Even though I didn't have any proof.

 "Thank you very much."

 "No, it's just that I thought too that this was strange. Having an intense night with Sylphy yet attacking other girls…"

 Did she overhear about our hot night?

 In that case, even my embarrassing lines from last night too?

 "…Sylphy. Did you talk to the princess? About our lover's talk last night."

 "No, not at all. I didn't say anything! Princess Ariel, what's the meaning of this!?"

 Sylphy was shaking her head in a panic.

 Well, even if they got along well together, one wouldn't talk about the details of her and her husband's night life.

 Though even if she did talk about it, I wouldn't be bothered by it.

 As long as Sylphy wasn't grumbling about being unsatisfied.

 "No, I was just teasing. It's good that your married lifestyle is going well."

 Ariel said that like nothing happened.

 Well, whatever.

 However, why did those two do this…

 Gathering panties, it's not something an ordinary person would come up with.

 No, come to think of it, I remember saying something like that a long time ago.

 About gathering up girls' panties or something…

 I had certainly intended that to be a joke, I didn't think they'd carry it out.

 Yup, it's not my fault.

 I have no part in this.

 Let's leave it at that.

 "Well, I think they did this rashly but acted out of good faith, so I'll go ahead and scold them. Ah, please give these back to the victims, Princess Ariel. By the way, I did not look inside, nor have I touched any of them."

 I said this while giving Ariel the bag.

 Rinia and Pursena had not done this out of malice.

 I must tell them properly.

 That there are other ways of taking them off…

 That if they want me to be happy they should take it off in front of me.

 Wait, that's not it.

 This is wrong.

 "Yes, certainly."

 Ariel nodded when she opened the bag.

 With this the case is settled.

 "However, with only this amount of underwear, aren't you regretting it?"

 Ariel said that.

 While looking over at Sylphy.

 "You're mistaken. I have no interest in underwear and the like."

 "…I see, I apologize."

 "No, it's all good if this clears up any misunderstanding."

 Phew, too close, too close.

 If I brought this back home I would have trouble disposing of it.

 Surely, being at the end of my wits, I would've soaked all the panties in alcohol and burned them.

 "But, I'm glad. I thought that I wasn't able to satisfy you."

 Sylphy said that straightforwardly, making the atmosphere in the room a bit lighter.

 Sylphy immediately realized what she just said, and turned bright red.

 Then, the bell signaling the end of the lunch break rang out.

 "Oh, that's no good. I'll be late for class."

 "I apologize. It was Rinia and Pursena's fault."

 "No, things like these happen sometimes."

 Luke opened the door, urging me that I leave.

 I went along and left the room.

 After that, Ariel and Sylphy followed.

 When Luke was the last to leave, he locked the door.

 "Let's go."

 As I walked out, Ariel was walking next to me.

 Sylphy and Luke followed behind.

 Ah, in this scenario it might have been better if I was in the rear as well.

 "Ah."

 While I was thinking that, Norn appeared when we turned around a corner.

 She was looking around restlessly with an anxious face, then when she saw me, let out a small gasp.

 "Norn, what's wrong? Classes are about to start."

 "…"

 Norn turned her face away with a huff.

 She was facing towards Ariel.

 "Nice to meet you. I am this school's student council president. My name is Ariel."

 Ariel smiled gently, and Norn's face turned red.

 As expected of her charisma.

 "My name is N, Norn Greyrat…"

 "Okay! Norn-san, what's wrong? It's almost time for lessons to start."

 "Ah, um, I didn't know where the third practice room was…"

 "I see…"

 It seems Norn was left behind when they were moving between classes.

 I feel sorry for her.

 That's obviously painful.

 So it seems she's been left out in class after all.

 "Luke, please guide her."

 "Yes. Please come over here."

 Luke gave a gentle push on Norn's back, and escorted her.

 Norn turned red, and seemed to be embarrassed.

 Luke is good looking, after all.

 But Luke's no good. He's a womanizer.

 "…"

 Suddenly, Norn turned around and looked at us.

 Me, Ariel, and Sylphy.

 She looked at each one of us.

 Then, she turned away again with a huff.

 What did I do wrong…

 Part 3

 After school.

 I called Rinia and Pursena behind the school.

 After today's debacle there are things I need to say.

 Back of the school.

 A place that's used as a movie scene for students in their youth.

 Rinia and Pursena came by acting triumphantly.

 "What is it Boss, calling us here nya?"

 "Making a love confession nano? If you're confessing to us you better talk to Fitts-chan, or she'll get mad."

 The two were acting quite boastful, but…

 "About the bag from the other day, I gave it to Princess Ariel this afternoon. I told her to return the stuff inside back to their original owners."

 When I said that, their expressions quickly changed,

 then they started to point fingers at each other.

 "See, I told you it was no good nya!"

 "It's Rinia's fault nano. You said Boss would definitely be happy!"

 "That's because Pursena was so eager nya!"

 "I said to first test it out with your panties nano!"

 "It's unfair if it's only me nya!"

 "That's why I got them from the other students nano!"

 "I had meant for you to take off your own nya!"

 "My breasts are too big so they're no good nano!"

 They were starting up an awful comedy sketch.

 What do you mean I have a small breast fetish?

 I love big breasts too.

 "Shut up!"

 In any case, I shut the both of them up.

 "Haven't I said this many times before? Didn't I say not to bully the weak?"

 The both of them were trembling.

 "W, we didn't bully the weak nya!"

 "T, that's right nano, we properly asked to get them…"

 'Asked', huh.

 When these two are asking, there's no freshmen that could have refused.

 "The disgrace of taking off someone's clothes, surely you guys of the Beast Race should know best…"

 "W, we gave them underwear to replace the ones they wore nya!"

 "Weren't there plenty of freshmen who weren't happy, though?"

 "It must be because the sizes were different nano. We didn't take any underwear from the ones who refused strongly."

 Hmm?

 There seems to be a difference in stories from what I heard from Ariel.

 To be honest, if they had forcibly stripped them, I would have been disgusted.

 I would have made them strip naked in public if that was the case.

 They need to understand the damage they've done after all.

 "I, I told you not to be angry if you weren't satisfied nya."

 "This was an unhappy misunderstanding nano. Please forgive us…"

 The two were cowering.

 However, thinking about it, these two did it for my sake.

 I had been looking unhappy, so they gathered the panties thinking that it would make me happy.

 Though I did not appreciate what they did, the act itself was not evil.

 Well, of course, if I were a victim I'd be disgusted as well.

 However, Rinia and Pursena had done this with good intentions.

 Unlike me in my previous life, they were not attempting to disgrace the others with their actions.

 To use an analogy, they were like children gathering cicada husks.

 It would be overreacting to severely punish them.

 "If I find a child who was really hurt by this, I will have you both prostrate naked before her."

 "I, I understand nya."

 "I'm sorry nano…"

 Well, all that's left is to follow-up with Ariel.

 For my part, I won't get angry at them.

 I wonder if it's because they're my followers?

 It seems like I am also showing signs of favoritism as well.

 "So, why did you think of giving me underwear as a present, anyway?"

 When I asked that, the two stared at me in puzzlement.

 With a face that said [Isn't that obvious?]

 "Boss's religion is the God of Panties, right nya?"

 "You seem to worship them very seriously nano."

 Ahh.

 I see, so it's my fault.

 The cause of this was because I showed them the [Divine Artifact] some time ago.

 "That's different. It's not like I regard panties as something taking the place of God. That particular one was worn by someone who I deify. In other words, it's sacred cloth."

 I love panties.

 But, this and that are different.

 "That's why, I ask that you don't do this again."

 "I understand nya."

 "We'll be careful nano."

 And then, I suddenly added.

 "If you really wanted to give me underwear, it'd be better if you actually took them off in front of me."

 "Eh?"

 "Eh?"

 Crap, my tongue slipped.

 Rinia and Pursena were grinning.

 "So you really did fall in love with us nya"

 "It can't be helped. Boss is a male beast, he can't be calm when we're around nano."

 Tch, shut up.

 That reaction saying that I want panties.

 These guys, maybe they like me…?

 No, that's wrong.

 It's something different.

 It must certainly be something like goodwill.

 Different than Sylphy getting close to me.

 Even though I say that, I don't understand the difference.

 Since I don't understand, I'll just chalk it up as a sign of friendship.

 In any case, we finished talking.

 We moved away from the back of the school.

 Although some gossip as a result of this incident damaged my reputation a bit.

 Well, it's not like it's a big problem.

 I'm the type that doesn't particularly care about rumors.

 When the three of us left, we saw a group lined up outside of the school building.

 It's the freshmen.

 They're probably lined up to retrieve their panties.

 We went around them so they wouldn't notice us…

 Walking past the end of the line was Norn.

 "…!"

 Norn looked at me, then at Rinia and Pursena beside me.

 Then, with an expression like [I don't believe this!], glared at me with all her might as she passed by.

 "What's with that first year, acting so mighty nya."

 "Fakku nano. Let's show her that she needs to respect her elders."

 "I'll say this right now, that was my sister."

 Just when I said that.

 Both their ears drooped.

 "W, well, it's good that she's energetic nya."

 "She's quite cute nano."

 They're so easy to understand.

 I pat both of them on the shoulder.

 "Well, please get along with her, okay?"

 "Of course nya."

 "We won't do anything bad nano."

 However, though I wanted to talk with Norn, how should I go about that?

 Well, even if I can't, I hope there won't be any problems later on.

 ---

 And so, the days passed by without incident.

 I hadn't gotten along any better with Norn.

 But, she kept her promise to show up at home every ten days.

 Although she hates me, she obediently listens to what I say.

 I thought she would be more rebellious, but at least she wasn't opposed to meeting face-to-face.

 Even though she doesn't look like she wants to.

 Hmm…

 If I think about it, apart from when they were too young to remember, I've met them only once.

 It's probably a mistake to think that we could just suddenly get along as brother and sister.

 My relationship with Aisha is rather strange.

 Just because we're family doesn't mean we can get along unconditionally.

 I understand that all too well.

 Rather, it's because we're family that there are things that couldn't be forgiven.

 Like the time when I beat up Paul in front of Norn.

 Me and Paul have reconciled our differences.

 However, from Norn's perspective, that is something that still could not be forgiven.

 …If.

 If she brings up that matter, I'll apologize.

 I'd apologize and explain what happened honestly, but bringing something up from that long ago is no good.

 Well, there's no need to rush.

 We'll be together for many years.

 Over a year or two, we'll slowly get along.

 As siblings it's not like we need to be attached to each other.

 We'll get along slowly, while being aware of our distance.

 Closing the distance will take time.

 While I was thinking that.

 Norn became a shut-in.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
