Volume 11  11 — Turning Point 3

Volume 11 Chapter 11 - Turning Point 3

 

 Part 1

 The incident occurred on a certain day.

 In the morning, just as always, I was doing my training.

 I haven't seen Badigadi, but it's nothing to worry about.

 That guy is whimsical.

 It can't be helped, bothering over each and every thing.

 …At least that was what Elinalise was passing on, but I'm sure that's just how it is.

 After returning home from my training, Aisha and Sylphy were waiting for some reason with serious faces.

 After seeing me return, the two were fixed on my face.

 "…Ah."

 "Rudi…"

 What is it I wonder.

 Did some kind of problem or something occur.

 I'm feeling a bit uneasy.

 "Umm, awawa, now that it's come down to it, I'm somehow a bit scared."

 While Sylphy was scratching the back of her ear, she made a bitter smile.

 "There's nothing to be afraid of. Look, Sylphy-ane, gather your courage!"

 After being pressed by Aisha, Sylphy stepped towards me.

 While fidgeting with her hands in front of her chest, she came directly in front of me with a red face.

 And then she placed her hand on her stomach.

 She said it.

 "Umm, Rudi. I… these past two months, it hasn't come."

 Hasn't come? What?

 Isn't what I asked.

 "And then you know, my physical condition was just a bit bad so I thought perhaps it could be."

 I was fixed on Sylphy's stomach.

 It's a slender stomach.

 It can't be.

 No, it can't be.

 "An… and then you know, yesterday Aisha told me I should properly go see a doctor nearby… That is, probably, it's congratulations they said."

 "…O…"

 My voice was trembling.

 My hands were trembling as well.

 Even my legs were trembling.

 Congratulations.

 I guess that means it was conceived.

 This isn't a dream right.

 I'll try pinching my cheek. Ouch. It's not a dream.

 I swallowed deeply.

 I see, that's right isn't it.

 That combination said it as well didn't they.

 You can do it if you try.

 I did it with that intention.

 If you were to say it's just as planned, that would be correct.

 Since I had heard that elves can't conceive easily, it was unexpectedly fast, that I'm just a bit bewildered.

 "Umm, Rudi… what do you think?"

 Sylphy was making an uneasy face.

 Somehow, I wonder what kind of reaction would be good for me to have.

 I don't know since it's too sudden.

 "Is… is it okay for me to touch?"

 "Eh? Ah, yes, please do."

 I caressed Sylphy's slender stomach.

 It's the same sensation I always feel when I caress it.

 Slender waist, little fat, a tight stomach.

 After touching it, a warm and soft sensation is returned.

 After hearing it said, it does seem just a bit larger I guess.

 No, it might just be my imagination, it shouldn't be something that I can tell just from touching yet.

 "I see, inside here, my child is…"

 After trying to put it into words, it felt like something deep within my throat was coming up.

 There was something boiling up.

 What is this.

 I want to shout out.

 I have a child.

 A child was made.

 There's no sense of reality.

 However, what is this, I'm amazingly happy.

 No, the words of happiness can't possibly express it entirely.

 What is this, what is it…

 "Onii-sama. Isn't there something you should say to the madam?"

 From Aisha's words, I returned to myself.

 "Eh?"

 Things to say.

 I wonder what.

 Congratulations?

 No, that's not it.

 Thank you.

 That's right, it's thank you.

 "Sylphy, thank you."

 "Eh? Thank you?"

 While making a bit of a bitter smile, Sylphy was smiling.

 Was it different?

 Then I wonder what the correct answer is.

 Searching through my knowledge, what did Paul say to Zenith again.

 Remember the words that Paul said at the time when Norn was made.

 [You've done well.]

 [You've done it.]

 It was words with that kind of feeling.

 That guy, I wonder why he has to use words like he's looking down from above.

 Did he think pregnancy was something that depended on the effort of the woman?

 That's possible, if it's that guy then it's possible.

 …Pregnancy.

 Sylphy is pregnant.

 This cute girl with a short haircut has my child.

 Mine.

 That's right, just by thinking about it, I feel moved to the point where I can't say any words.

 Somehow, tears are coming out.

 "Sorry, somehow, somehow, I can't say it well. Sylphy…"

 "…Wa …Rudi?"

 I embraced Sylphy.

 Just like that, I lifted her up and felt like spinning her around.

 No good, it's no good if I handle her too recklessly.

 Gently, that's right gently.

 It might adversely affect the child in her stomach.

 "…Fufu, Rudi, you were always saying you wanted a child right."

 Sylphy put her hands around my back and patted it.

 After tightly embracing her, I released her body.

 My eyes were fixed on Sylphy.

 I was reflected in those round eyes.

 A terrible face overflowing with tears.

 Sylphy's eyes soon shut.

 While caressing her head, I kissed her lips.

 The soft sensation of her lips.

 This is love.

 "[Cough]."

 With Aisha clearing her throat, I returned to myself.

 By the time I realize it, I'm groping Sylphy's chest and butt.

 "Onii-sama, since it might hinder madam's body, for a short while please prohibit your sexual negotiations."

 No good, no good.

 During this period, it's no good if I lay my hands on her.

 No matter how much love we have, it's no good if I lay my hands on her.

 Ah, but if it was just two months prior, then not all that much time has passed yet, just a bit should be. No, that's no good. I'll endure it.

 "Yeah. Of course."

 I hammered down the nail.

 Aisha suddenly laughed and lifted up the hem of her skirt.

 "Since that's the case, during this time it would be fine if I was the partner."

 "Leave the sleep talk for when you're sleeping."

 Aisha dropped her head downwards.

 I'm grateful for the invitation, but for some reason I feel no desire towards you.

 Although, it's not like I specifically think it's wrong to lay my hands on my little sisters.

 Therefore, it's just right.

 In this world, I don't want to do anything that would be related to breaking up the family.

 "Then Onii-sama, after this I will go to convey this to Ariel-sama and return. Madam as well, it would be best if you take a rest from your job."

 Aisha said that with a clear face.

 If she's pregnant, then she can't guard.

 Certainly, it would be better if she takes a holiday.

 "No, I'll go. I'm sure it would be proper for me to explain it."

 "Ha… Onii-chan, don't you need to stay with Sylphy-ane and talk about more things?"

 My little sister made a sigh as if she was tired.

 Things to talk about.

 I see, about things from here on out, if we don't talk about various things more.

 "Then, I'll conduct myself and return."

 "Yeah. I leave it to you."

 Aisha departed, Sylphy and I were left behind.

 Part 2

 I was sitting on the sofa lined up with Sylphy.

 When I nervously grabbed onto Sylphy's hand, she returned the grasp as well.

 And then she leaned on me.

 "…"

 "…"

 I don't know what to talk about.

 Thoughts about words of taking responsibility are coming to mind, but we're already married.

 "That is, Sylphy."

 "What is it, Rudi?"

 "I'm sure it would be difficult after this, but, that is, please take good care of me."

 "Yeah, leave it to me."

 Sylphy laughed with a puff and placed her head on top of my lap.

 With the hand I wasn't holding her's with, I caressed Sylphy's head.

 I was feeling around the area behind her ear when…

 "Hey Rudi."

 "Yes?"

 "Would a boy be good? Or would a girl be good?"

 After suddenly being asked, I was bewildered.

 That's right, there are two varieties of children.

 "Rather, it's not really something you can choose right."

 While saying that, Sylphy shyly laughed.

 A boy or a girl.

 I wonder which would be good.

 I wonder which will be born.

 After all, for the purpose of succeeding the house, I wonder if a boy as the eldest would be good.

 No, it's not like we're a samurai family.

 It's not like there's any particular problem with letting a woman take over.

 Things for now, even speaking of my assets, there's a limit to it at most.

 No, I guess it's fine not to think about it too much.

 A boy or a girl.

 If it was me in my previous life, I'm sure I would have said a girl without hesitation.

 With my mind in the gutter, I'd probably say something about keeping an observation diary and photographs everyday about how a girl grows up in a girl's way.

 What a foolish man.

 However, now it's good either way.

 As long as they are energetic. That is fine.

 "But you know, Rudi. I, somehow I'm a bit relieved."

 "Why?"

 "With this finally, I feel like I've properly become Rudi's wife."

 "…"

 I guess that means in any world, doing their job would mean leaving behind offspring.

 It seems Sylphy as well, more or less might have been holding some anxieties, or was rather in a bit of a hurry.

 Since she has a constitution that makes it hard to do.

 Of course, such worries are pointless.

 "But, after this Rudi will be forced to endure it right. In that way."

 "It's not a matter of enduring it."

 It's the so called natural responsibility.

 I'm different from Paul.

 "If I ever put my hands on another woman, then don't be concerned about seriously getting angry with me."

 "…I won't particularly get angry, but I might feel a bit lonely."

 Is it something you finish with just feeling lonely.

 No, but you know.

 I won't betray her I'm sure. Thinking about it logically.

 Think about it with the positions reversed.

 "If another man put his hands on Sylphy, I feel I would be angry."

 After saying that, Sylphy laughed with a, "Nfufu".

 This smile is only shown to me.

 I'm happy.

 For a short while, we passed the time quietly without words.

 Part 3

 Evening, Aisha returned bringing along Norn.

 "C… Congratulations, Sylphy-san."

 "Yeah, thank you, Norn-chan."

 While facing Sylphy, Norn quickly lowered her head.

 Sylphy grinned with a small laugh and stroked her head.

 Having her head stroked, Norn's mouth loosened up.

 It was a face that meant she wasn't totally against it.

 I wonder if she likes having her head caressed.

 In any case, it's good that they're getting along well.

 "Everyone, today I had intended to go around greeting everyone, but I decided to leave that for another day."

 Aisha informed us indifferently.

 It seems she was trying to follow my idea and just go with family for today.

 So, she returned only bringing Norn.

 I don't remember proposing such an idea though.

 Well I'm sure it's fine.

 Certainly, going around here and there at this time, telling people would be pretty embarrassing.

 It's something best left for a few days.

 "I notified Ariel-sama that madam would need to take a rest for at least two years. I also made sure to request an absence from school. On that note, great aunt Elinalise-sama, gratefully decided to undertake the part of a guard."

 "I wonder if that's alright with grandmother. For example, the stuff about the curse…"

 "She said she'll manage somehow, so there should be no problem."

 Elinalise is good at self control after all, there's the magic tool as well.

 I'm sure there's no problem.

 In an empty classroom, the gym warehouse, and even during classes. There are plenty of places they could use after all.

 "Zanoba-sama will come over during the evening in five days. It seems he intends to eat over here, we should prepare. Ariel-sama will come over in ten days, during the evening as well. When I asked if she would be staying for dinner, she said it would not be necessary. Cliff-sama and great-aunt Elinalise-sama will come together with Ariel-sama it seems. Rinia-sama and Pursena-sama will show their faces a short while after, at an appropriate time. The specific agenda is unknown. Nanahoshi-sama had said congratulations. Just a single word, 'Congratulations'. Badigadi-sama couldn't be found, but I left a message."

 Completely indifferent.

 It's almost like a secretary.

 Aisha sure is excellent.

 "I see, thank you for your work, Aisha."

 "Yes, Onii-sama."

 After saying that, Aisha snorted with a "fufun" while looking at Norn.

 Norn stared back at Aisha with an offended face.

 It seems Aisha wants to keep up a good face in front of me, so she often makes these sorts of behaviors.

 The fact that they are siblings of different mothers seems to be lurking in the back a bit.

 I have told her not to be bothered by it and I treat them with impartiality.

 I know these two often get into disputes over pointless things.

 They do say, fighting is proof you get along, I'm sure it'll be fine as long as it doesn't become a cold war situation.

 In the middle of the fights as well, they haven't said anything fatal after all.

 "In any case, if you say a child is going to be born at the time when Oto-san returns, I'm sure he'll be surprised."

 "Oto-san!"

 After saying that, Norn's face suddenly brightened up.

 Norn is a father's child.

 I'm sure at one point, she has said her dream for the future is to marry father.

 "Oto-san's surprised face, I want to see it!"

 "Yeah, that guy is the type who would be considerably sweet to his grandchildren. I'm sure he'll be delighted. During the time when Norn and Aisha were born, he was completely deredere after all."

 After saying that, Aisha and Norn suddenly felt awkward.

 I guess it would be a bit awkward talking about a time that doesn't remain in their memory.

 "It's something to look forward to right, nii-san."

 With those words from Norn, we smiled.

 Sylphy and I married.

 Paul, Zenith and Lilia here.

 And then my two little sisters here as well.

 The dream-like ideal from the time we were in Buina Village, seemed like it was immediately before us.

 Part 4

 ---

 The bad news arrived two months after that.

 An emergency express post was delivered, the date that was on that letter was stamped half a year ago.

 The sender's name was Gisu.

 The characteristic of an express post is that they're made up of extremely short content.

 "Difficulty rescuing Zenith, requesting assistance."

 The instant I saw those words, everything before my eyes went pure white.

 ---

 By the time I realized it, I'm in a pure white room.

 I had returned to my fat and menial figure.

 Simultaneously, I felt like my spirit was being splintered.

 I focused the irritation in front of me.

 That guy was there.

 The one hidden in mosaic while continuing to smile, the Hitogami.

 "Yo!"

 Hey, what does this mean.

 "What do you mean?"

 That letter.

 The one from Gisu.

 It said difficulty rescuing Zenith.

 What does that mean.

 "There's nothing to what it means, I'm sure it's been difficult."

 You!

 You said it didn't you!

 If I go to the Begaritto Continent, I would regret it!

 What was with those words.

 Did you trick me!?

 "I haven't tricked you. If you go to the Begaritto Continent, then you'll regret it. That still hasn't changed, even now."

 Ah, I see.

 I get it.

 In other words, it's that right. This is what you want to say.

 If you go to the Begaritto Continent, then you'll regret it.

 But, even if you don't go you'll regret it, like that.

 "That's not the case. Actually speaking, have you ever regretted it until yesterday? You've made a lot of friends. Met with a variety of people, even you yourself have grown a bit. You've fixed the bad condition of your body as well. Gotten along well with both of your littler sisters. Moreover, you've gotten married and even have a child coming."

 …Certainly it's not bad, it's not bad.

 But you know!

 You were the one that said it!

 That it's better if I don't go to the Begaritto Continent.

 You tricked me.

 "I haven't tricked you. In fact, I'm here now just to say the same thing again. It's better if you don't go to the Begaritto Continent. You'll end up regretting it."

 But, but.

 My family is in trouble.

 Please, at least tell me the reason.

 "I can't say that."

 Sheet…

 Come to think of it, you were that sort of guy.

 "That sure is a terrible way of putting it. Even though you've always been helped by my advice."

 Talk about whether I've been helped or whether I'm being tricked are different.

 Hey, at least tell me something about it.

 What am I going to regret?

 If it's like this, then I can't even balance things out properly.

 "Normal people don't even weigh out their options you know. You sure are extravagant."

 Extravagance or whatever is fine.

 I don't want to regret it.

 "If you just think about it a bit, I'm sure you'll understand. You've spent one and a half years during your school life. Your little sisters spent one year in order to come here. There's no mistake that it's become a misunderstanding right?"

 No.

 My little sisters saw the letter from me and came this far.

 If there hadn't been a letter, they should have remained in Milis or remained in one of the port cities.

 "Nope, even without that letter, Paul was going to send his daughters to Asura Kingdom. Since Lilia's family is in that country after all."

 …I see now.

 After you say it, I get it.

 "Even now it's the same. If you were to leave on a journey now. Then, what are you going to do about Sylphy and your child? Going to the Begaritto Continent and then returning. During that time, do you intend to leave your own wife alone?"

 You mean no matter how I move, I'll end up regretting it in the end.

 "That's right. Even if you think you can avoid the regrets, you can't avoid them. If you go to the Begaritto Continent, you'll miss a large opportunity as well. That's why it's better if you don't go."

 Cheh…

 If you're going to say that much, then it's certain I'll probably regret it.

 I get it.

 "I see, then, will you listen to the advice?"

 Yeah, for the time being, tell me.

 "[Cough]. Rudeus, during the next mating season, wait on standby. Then, Rinia and Pursena will come to draw near you. Create a relationship with one of these two. If you do that, I'm sure you will become even happier."

 Hey, suddenly bringing up talk about cheating.

 I already decided to protect Sylphy's honor you know!

 My relationship with those guys isn't like that!

 I'm sure… I'm sure… I'm sure.

 With the echo left behind, my consciousness faded out.

 Part 5

 I woke up.

 Sylphy was looking down at my face with concern.

 I realize that I'm sleeping on top of the bed.

 "Ah, Rudi, are you alright? You were having a nightmare."

 "Yeah…"

 What happened after I received that letter, what was it again.

 I don't remember well.

 I remember going into a dumbfounded state of stupefaction.

 Probably because things here have been proceeding so well recently.

 The shock was big.

 The letter from Gisu.

 The words requesting assistance.

 Something must have happened.

 However, there are the words from the Hitogami as well.

 Even if I start traveling now, there's the possibility that it's a misunderstanding.

 It might be too optimistic, but that letter might just be something Gisu sent out in a panic.

 That's right, the sender wasn't Paul. It was Gisu.

 It was newbie, that monkey bastard.

 I wonder why that guy would send this sort of letter to me.

 It's because he said he was going to search for Zenith.

 At least, there was never the name Gisu in Paul's letter.

 It might be that Gisu is searching for Zenith alone and he found her.

 The time the letter was sent was half a year ago as well.

 It could be that, the time when he sent the letter was before he met up with Paul and the others.

 That time he might have thought there was nothing he could do, so he sent the letter.

 It could be that he sent a similar letter to Paul as well.

 However, soon after that, he met up with Paul and it ended just like that… that might be the case.

 All of them are "might be possible".

 I wonder what the actual case is, for I'm in a distant land, I can't even make a guess about it entirely.

 There's also the matter of Sylphy and our child.

 In order to get to the Begaritto Continent, no matter how fast we go, it'll take a year.

 It's a road I've once taken down to the port city of East Port.

 Therefore, it might be possible for me to shorten the time more.

 But, even if for example, I were to say it will take half a year one way, a round trip would still be a year.

 After all it's impossible.

 There's no way I can leave behind my pregnant wife and depart.

 "As I thought, it's about that letter right."

 "…"

 I couldn't reply.

 There was my promise with Sylphy as well.

 That I wouldn't suddenly disappear.

 I certainly promised that.

 Saying that I'm leaving a notice of it behind before-hand, so it's not sudden, is just sophistry.

 Even if we discuss it well.

 Or if I leave behind a letter hoping for her to understand as well.

 The side left behind will still find it painful.

 "Hey, Rudi, if it's about me… it's fine if you don't let it bother you too much? Now Aisha-chan is here as well, right."

 Sylphy said that with a somewhat painful looking face.

 There's no way she couldn't be uneasy about it.

 Naturally as it is, she doesn't have any experience with pregnancy.

 A stomach which gets bigger everyday.

 Days where even climbing the stairs gets harder.

 It might be possible that I could die at the destination.

 I might never come back.

 She has no choice other than to fight against such worries.

 "…I won't go. I'll stay with Sylphy."

 After saying that, Sylphy made a troubled face.

 The Hitogami's words were resonating in my head.

 In the end, regardless of which one I pick, there will be regrets remaining.

 Those words.

 Part 6

 And then three days passed.

 Sylphy, Aisha, and Norn are all making uneasy faces.

 I declared that I wouldn't go to the Begaritto Continent.

 However, whether that is really fine like that, I don't know.

 I can't make the distinction.

 I may have declared it, but I'm still hesitating.

 There aren't all that many people I can consult with.

 One among them.

 Elinalise said this.

 "I guess so, it's probably better for you to remain here."

 You.

 From those words, I understood Elinalise's real intention.

 "Elinalise-san, could it be that you plan to go?"

 "Rudeus. Sylphy is my grandchild. Please allow me to pitch in and help for the sake of my grandchildren."

 It seems that letter seeking assistance arrived at her place as well.

 However, she says she will go.

 Even though there are those who will be left behind.

 "What do you plan to do about escorting Princess Ariel?"

 "If it's while she's inside of the school, then there's almost no danger. Almost to the point that the need for an escort is stupid."

 No matter how low the danger is, it's for when the time comes to it, isn't it.

 No, the one who thinks about that is Ariel.

 Elinalise is escorting out of good will, there's no reason to restrain her.

 "What are you going to do about Cliff?"

 "I'll separate from him. He might end up resenting me, but it can't be helped."

 "Why don't you explain it to him? If you say it, I'm sure he'll understand."

 Elinalise quietly laughed.

 It wasn't her usual bewitching smile.

 It was a lonely smile.

 "Cliff is a pure child. He has talent as well and faces forward. He has the potential of becoming Pope in the future. The love he feels towards me, it's a moment of getting lost in his feelings during his younger years… Leaving it as such a case, it's for the best."

 Putting it that way is pitiful for Cliff.

 The doctrine of the Milis Church, is for them to love only a single partner.

 If, Elinalise disappears, Cliff's faith might be shaken.

 That guy is a man of heart, but if he were to lose his faith, I don't know what will happen to him.

 "Also."

 And Elinalise said it in the end.

 "The one who said for you to remain here is me. Please, at least let me do something like cover for you. Therefore, you'll leave things to me and it would be fine for you to wait at ease. At the time when we return, please show me my energetic great-grandchild, okay?"

 Those words which I was told were used to close this matter.

 It seems Elinalise's feelings are something that will stand firm.

 Part 7

 I consulted with Zanoba as well.

 Even after he heard that, his expression didn't change a bit.

 "Is that so. If it's Shisho, then I'm sure you'll quickly resolve it and be able to return."

 He said that completely indifferently.

 "Since I'll be waiting here as I continue with the research, I'll be wishing for a quick return."

 "I thought you would say not to go or else that you would be coming along."

 Previously, the time when we separated at Shirone, he was clinging to me in tears.

 This time as well, I might have been wishing for something like that.

 However, Zanoba's words were the opposite.

 "If Shisho desires a companion, then I won't turn it down, but… since I'm unfamiliar with journeying I might slow you down, besides…"

 With a glance, Zanoba looked at Julie.

 "It's not like I can bring her along on a long journey."

 Julie is still young.

 There's also the option of leaving her behind in the care of Ginger.

 If it comes down to that, the research will be delayed.

 If he leaves on a journey, he'll end up using his magic power down to the last drop, which is dangerous as well.

 "Zanoba… I say, should I go?"

 "That is, something Shisho should decide."

 Something that I should decide.

 It sounded like words that were intended to push me away.

 Though I wanted to consult with him.

 And then Zanoba suddenly said it.

 "However Shisho. There is just one thing I will say."

 "Hn?"

 "Even if the father isn't looking, a child will be born. If you're worried, then you should go and during that time, I will take responsibility and watch over your wife."

 Zanoba's words had his actual feelings mixed into them.

 I see.

 I'm sure a king doesn't specifically oversee each of his wife and concubine's pregnancies himself after all.

 "Of course, I always want to remain by Shisho's side though."

 "I see… Thank you Zanoba."

 Sylphy isn't alone.

 Aisha is here, Ariel and the others as well.

 She's not alone.

 It's not like she's alone.

 Part 8

 Should I go to the Begaritto Continent?

 Or should I not go?

 Elinalise said that she would go and I should wait.

 Zanoba said to leave things to him, go help and then return.

 I wonder what I should do.

 I guess I should go.

 What Zanoba said is quite right.

 Certainly, if the mother is healthy, then the child will naturally be born.

 Even if the father is or isn't there.

 No, there's no way that can be the case.

 I'm not a king or anything.

 It's already decided that it's better for the father to be there.

 Sylphy said not to mind it and go, but it's her first childbirth, she should be uneasy.

 In reality, she should want to cry and shout at me not to go.

 Moreover, I said many terrible things about how I desired a child from Sylphy.

 If I were to speak of how much I actually wanted one, even I don't know myself.

 But, Sylphy properly received that and gave it to me.

 After that, she's pregnant and now I'm leaving on a journey.

 Wouldn't that be a betrayal.

 However, until now I feel like I've been putting off things with Paul and the others.

 Putting priority on myself.

 Thinking of curing my ED and going to school.

 For this reason, this timing itself, shouldn't that be the reason I conduct myself and go to save my family?

 Wouldn't putting things off for the time when it came, balance it out?

 …I don't know.

 I have a feeling I'll end up regretting it regardless of which I pick.

 Part 9

 While I was worrying about it, it became the fourth day.

 The days where I couldn't sleep continued.

 Early morning, I couldn't get motivated to do my training and just passed time absent-mindedly in the entranceway.

 In this city, even summer is considerably cool.

 Especially in the early morning, when it's even a bit chilly.

 I was absent-mindedly watching the morning sunrise.

 "…?!"

 Suddenly, I heard a voice from behind.

 After turning around, the entranceway was opened.

 The one standing there is Norn.

 She has the large bag I used during my adventurer days on her shoulder.

 Since the inside is completely packed, it's an appearance that gives the premonition of a long journey.

 However, because she's only ten years old, it's almost like she's going on a picnic…

 "…"

 I silently looked at her.

 Norn avoided my gaze awkwardly.

 It was the face one makes when they're found at the scene of a prank.

 "Where are you going?"

 "…"

 Norn wasn't replying.

 I asked once more.

 "Where are you going?"

 Norn looked at me and then opened her mouth after deciding what to say.

 "If ni… nii-san isn't going, then I thought I would go."

 I looked at her seriously for a second time.

 Go, going, to the Begaritto Continent I wonder.

 I look at Norn once more.

 Norn is small.

 Far too small.

 She's still ten years old.

 "…"

 The luggage she's prepared, it doesn't seem like she's prepared all the necessary things she needs at all.

 It seems she has money, but I wonder if she knows how to use it.

 Does she know the routes.

 Does she have a means to avoid danger.

 After she leaves this city, wouldn't she be abducted soon after.

 "Norn, it's impossible for you."

 "But, even though, nii-san… oto-san and oka-san are having a difficult time!?"

 Norn's eyes with tears piling up were aimed towards me.

 "Why, why isn't nii-san going to save them!?"

 Why.

 That is because my child is going to born.

 I have a family.

 "Nii-san, even though you're very strong, even though you can make the journey! Why?"

 I can go on the journey.

 I won't say as well as Elinalise, but I came along as an adventurer for five years as well.

 I have a considerable amount of know-how.

 If I were to look up, there's still a ways to go, but I should have a reasonable amount of skill.

 Even without Ruijerd, I should be able to conquer the Magic Continent.

 "…"

 That's right.

 I can do it.

 It's not about thinking about the choice if I'm going or not going.

 Just like Norn, even if she wants to go, she can't, but that's not the case for me.

 I have the ability.

 I have the ability to make a round trip from here to the Begaritto Continent.

 For this reason, Gisu sent a letter requesting assistance to me.

 Not to any other person, but me.

 "…Norn. I get it."

 "Ni, nii-san…?"

 There are other people who will help me look after Sylphy.

 However, there's no one else who can assist them but me.

 There's no one else other than me.

 I'll travel to the Begaritto Continent and proceed to the Labyrinth City Lapan.

 I'm the guy who can resolve the problems that happen there.

 "I'll go. Norn, is it fine if I leave things with the house to you?"

 Norn's face was suddenly shining.

 And then, soon after she tightly closed her lips.

 She nodded with a serious face.

 "Yes."

 "Don't fight with Aisha and please help things with Sylphy."

 "…Yes!"

 "Alright, good girl."

 I feel I'm going to do something bad to Sylphy.

 Towards the child that is being born as well.

 It could be that she gets tired of my courtesies.

 No.

 That's wrong.

 Here I need to have faith.

 "I'll go to the Begaritto Continent."

 There, I'll save my family.

 Right, I made my decision.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
