Volume 1  10 — Bottleneck

Volume 1 Chapter 10 - Bottleneck

 

 Part 1

 I'm 7 years old now.

 My two sisters, Norn and Aisha, are growing up without any problems.

 They cry whenever they wet the bed, dirty their diapers, get hungry, or feel something is wrong. They even cry when there's nothing wrong.

 It's normal to cry at night. It's normal to cry in the morning. They cry even harder during the day.

 Paul and Zenith are quickly crumbling mentally.

 But only Lilia is full of energy saying:

 "This is the right thing, this is actually definitely raising children! It was too easy with Young Master Rudeus! You can't call that raising a child!"

 She takes care of the babies with her experience.

 Adding on to it, regarding the matter of crying in the night, I have already gotten used to it due to my younger brother, so I don't take notice of it.

 I'm not really bragging, but I have already experienced taking care of a baby due to my younger brother. Looking at me changing the diapers, washing the clothes and cleaning up, Paul gives off an expression of being useless.

 This guy is just like the Japanese males before the war who knew nothing about housework.

 Even though he's very skilled in swordsmanship, and receives deep trust from the villagers, he's half baked when it comes to being a father.

 This is already the 2nd baby…… Sheesh.

 Part 2

 Talking about here, I'll treat it as restoring Paul's reputation and talk about his good points.

 About this person who has all sorts of weakness all over him, and no matter how you look at it he's a scumbag Paul, I acknowledge him.

 Why? Because he's strong.

 First is Paul's sword techniques rank.

 Sword-God Style: Advanced

 Water-God Style: Advanced

 North-God Style: Advanced

 All the styles are advanced.

 Talking about advanced, it's said that people with talent would have to spend 10 years on each stance in order to reach the advanced rank.

 If you compare the advanced rank to kendo, it's about 4th to 5th dan. The intermediate rank is about 1st dan to 3rd dan or so, and as a common knight, reaching the intermediate rank is enough to qualify. The saint rank requires the upper rank 6th dan and above, but I'll ignore this first.

 This example is, Paul has kendo, Judo, Karate reaching the strength of 4th dan.

 And all of them are trained halfway before abandoning it.

 Even though he's not a decent human being, his strength can be guaranteed. Also, even though he's only 25 years old or so, his practical combat experience is in abundance.

 The advice that he gives is very cunning and practical.

 Due to him being too much of an instinct user, I can't understand even half of it, but I know that what he says is all correct.

 The 2 years I've spent learning from Paul, haven't let me rise above the elementary ranks. After a few more years, I don't know how my physical strength will improve, but currently no matter how I do mental training, I can't find a way to beat Paul. Even if I use magic or play around with strategies, I feel like I absolutely can't win.

 I've seen Paul fight a monster.

 More accurately, it was him who showed me. After being notified that there was a monster, he said [Observing is also a form of experience] and dragged me outside, letting me watch his battle from afar.

 To tell the truth.

 He's too damn cool.

 His opponents are 4 monsters.

 3 <<Assault Dog>>, that look like trained Doberman,

 1 <<Terminate Boar>>, a wild pig-like monster with 4 arms.

 It seems that the wild pig has led the dogs and appeared deep within the forest.

 Paul easily handles them, and cuts off their heads within moments.

 Let me say this again, that is too damn cool.

 How should I describe it? His entire battle feels like he is full of elegance. What makes me excited is how there's an unfathomable rhythm to it, looking aptly presentable.

 It's not adequate to describe it with words. If you really need to use a word to describe, it's charm.

 Paul's battle style is full of charm. It draws people's trust, made Zenith fall in love with him, Lilia yielding her body to him, and I can understand why Mrs. Ada is so hot and infatuated with him.

 The number one man in the village whom you want to sleep with.

 Well meh, whatever.

 I'm grateful for his existence. I'm grateful this powerful existence is beside me.

 If there was no Paul here, I might have easily turned out to be arrogant in this world.

 Like challenging a monster recklessly just because I know some magic, but I can't hit the <<Assault Dog>>, and get cruelly bitten to death.

 No, perhaps it might not be monsters, but men.

 Arrogantly challenging an unbeatable enemy.

 A scenario that happens all too easily.

 Trying to punish the bad people, but getting wiped out instead.

 The warriors in this world are strong beyond comprehension.

 If one is serious, he can run at the speed of 50 kilometers. The dynamic vision and reaction aren't normal.

 Because of healing magic, one wouldn't easily die, but the opponent can kill in one strike.

 The existence of monsters has made the human race adapt and become strong.

 Furthermore, Paul who's so powerful is only at the Advanced rank. Judging from the swordsman, there are many people out there that are more powerful. In this world, the famous people and monsters, there are way too many out there that Paul is not a match for.

 There is always someone better than you.

 Paul's existence taught me this natural conclusion.

 Although, no matter how many good points he has, he's a useless father at home.

 Even if you're an Olympic gold medalist, you're still a criminal if you commit a crime.

 Part 3

 One random day, I practiced like usual with Paul learning sword techniques.

 I can't win against Paul today also. I probably can't win tomorrow too.

 Recently, I don't have the feeling of improvement. But if I don't continue training I will not improve.

 Even if there's no sense to it, the process of training will become my skill.

 Probably.

 It will right? There's no mistake to it?

 As I'm thinking of this and that, Paul suddenly remembers something and says:

 "That's right Rudi. About school you……"

 When he reaches the middle of it, he stops.

 "……Never mind. Nothing, let's continue."

 Paul raises his wooden sword as if nothing happened.

 I didn't miss that.

 "What, school……?"

 "The school refers to the Fedoa region's capital's Ranoa style education system. It's in charge of teaching language, history, etiquette and mathematics."

 "I think I've heard about this in the past."

 Usually a child your age will attend school…… You don't need it right? Learning language and mathematics?"

 "Hm, that's true."

 I'll treat it like Roxy taught me Mathematics.

 After the two girls were born, the finances dipped slightly into the red, and I helped take a look at the account books. In the end, they were shocked. I was afraid of being called a genius or something, so I immediately brought out Roxy's name.

 In the end, Roxy's evaluation went up again, that's fine with me.

 "But I'm interested in school. Aren't there a lot of kids the same age as me gathering together? I might be able to make friends."

 But Paul spat at that.

 "It's not a fine place that you believe it to be. There's no flexibility to the etiquette lessons, there are a huge bunch of useless rules, and there's no meaning if you learn about history. You will absolutely get bullied, and when the brats from the nobles gather together, they will cause a fuss if they aren't number one. If they see you, they will form a party to bully you. Something like why are you better than me despite the fact that I have a duke as my father."

 It's like he experienced it firsthand.

 I heard that Paul left home due to his father's strictness and the disgusting nobles.

 The etiquette and history lessons are there to give vanity to the Asuran nobles, they are probably something that make people feel oppressed.

 I will surely also feel the same way since Paul and I are similar.

 "Is that so. I thought there might be daughters of the nobles out there who are cute."

 "I suggest you give up. The nobles' daughters might wear make up and do up a hairstyle and put on perfume, but once they get into bed, because they don't do any physical activities, their body shape is really terrible. Well, there are those out there who like the sword, and have a pretty good body, but most of them use a corset to cover up things, so if you don't strip them you won't know. Father has been deceived many times……"

 Paul looks up to the sky as he says that, and his words are subtly persuasive.

 Even though he talks like a scumbag, because of these experiences, he has managed to get a good wife like Zenith, so his words have deeper meaning to them.

 "Then…… I won't go to school."

 There are many things I want to teach Sylphy.

 Also, if I know I'll get bullied and still go there on purpose, there must be something wrong with my mind.

 Didn't I become a NEET for 20 years just because I got bullied.

 "That's right. Instead of going to school, you should become an adventurer and go into dungeons."

 "Adventurer……?"

 "That's right. Dungeons are a good place. Because the girls don't wear make up, you can tell whether they are pretty. Regardless of a swordsman or warrior or a magician, they have really good bodies."

 Putting the scumbag comments aside.

 According to the books, dungeons are a form of monster.

 It is merely a simple cave that has warped due to the accumulation of mana, and finally changed to a dungeon.

 At the deepest part of the dungeon, there is said to be a source of power, a mana Crystal, and there is a protector that protects it (Boss).

 The mana Crystal is bait that has a strong temptation.

 The monsters that are drawn into the dungeon, will die from triggering a trap, starve to death, or be killed by the protector.

 The dungeon will absorb the mana from the monster.

 But, there is also the possibility where the monster eats the mana Crystal, or occasionally gets buried when the dungeon collapses.

 The dungeon sounds like a monster because of this fuzzy description.

 Also the monsters are not the only ones drawn to the mana Crystal.

 Humans are also foolishly drawn to it.

 It seems that the mana Crystal can be used as a catalyst for magic, so the price for it is extremely high. Even though the price is determined by the size, even a small mana Crystal will sell for enough that one would be able to play around for a year. Furthermore, while the monsters are only eyeing the mana Crystal, humans aren't merely going for that.

 There are monsters that have years of mana in them, or there are adventurers' equipment that have been left behind.

 There is also another bait.

 Magic Items.

 Magic items are different in the sense that they do not use the user's mana and still cast magic. It's just that the majority of the magic Items do not have very useful abilities.

 Most of them are trash.

 But amongst them are cheat-like items that make even god ranked characters pale.

 If something like that is sold, they can earn tremendous amounts of money, and there are people who are drunk on the dream of getting rich overnight entering the dungeons.

 Most of them collapsed in their journey, and the mana that dungeons receive make it even bigger and deeper.

 And thus, there is a huge amount of treasure sleeping in the deepest part of the dungeon.

 There is a confirmation of the oldest and longest dungeon situated in the central continent of the red dragon's sacred mountain region - at the Dragon Crying mountain foothills [The Dragon-god's Hole]. According to articles, this has been around since 10,000 years ago. The estimated deepest part is at 2,500 floors. It's said that there is a certain hole that connects the top of the Dragon Crying mountain to the bottom of the dungeon, and if you jump from there you can reach the deepest part of the dungeon in an instant, but using that method no one is able to come up.

 Just to add on their hole doesn't spew lava.

 The Dragon-God's hole is meant to catch red dragons.

 Sometimes the dragon that passes by will be sucked in.

 The verification of this cannot be ensured, but since it's a monster that has lived for 10,000 years, it wouldn't be strange if it's capable of doing something like this.

 Additionally, the dungeon that is recognized to be the hardest difficulty is situated in the Heaven's continent 『Hell』, and the center of Ringus's sea [The Demon-God's Cavern]. The entrance to these two places are very difficult to access, and it is very difficult to supply things there. It is said that the dungeon is very deep and there's no way to explore it step by step, so it's rated as the highest difficulty.

 The above is the knowledge that I know of the dungeons.

 "I read the things about dungeons in a book."

 "<<The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon>>? If you can explore the legendary dungeons like the book, you will definitely leave your name behind in history. Do you want to try working towards that?"

 --- <<The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon>>

 The 3 genius swordsmen that later on went to become the Sword-God, the Water-God, and the North-God, who challenged a huge dungeon after several setbacks. During the journey they had laughter, fought amongst them and had farewells, and they finally succeeded in conquering the dungeon.

 The dungeon they went into is 100 floors deep.

 "Isn't that a made up story?"

 "That's not the case. It's said that the various styles came from the dungeon."

 "Eh. But if it's so lucky to become a god ranked person, even if I try hard I won't become anything right?"

 "Father tried before. Rudi can certainly do it."

 Later on Paul tells me a story, about a ghost race youth who entered with a human swordsman and entered the water-fish's nest dungeon, where they lost a companion but insisted on beating the water-fish race. There was a half baked magician who fell into the dungeon by accident, and was picked up by the party who had just lost their magician, and woke his dormant potential and became strong.

 He's telling me this as if he has been trying to find an opportunity.

 Come to think of it, Paul said he wanted me to become a swordsman.

 He must have thought that after I listen to the stories, read the <<The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon>>, I will be in admiration of the terms, dungeons, adventurers and swordsmen.

 Dungeons. Interested.

 Even though I find it interesting, at the same time I find it's dangerous.

 That's because the characters that appear in the book died abruptly.

 In the book <<The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon>>, there are other characters that appear besides the 3 swordsmen.

 But with the exception of the 3 swordsmen, they all died.

 Some of them got hit by a fireball and turned into charcoal. Some of them fell into a hole and turned into soup. One of them got cut into two when the adventurer's head raised up. They didn't receive a scratch from the monsters fight, but once they got careless they got wiped out by the traps.

 Even though the 3 swordsmen elegantly avoided the traps like protagonists, but I don't think someone as careless as me can avoid them. I'm the donkan type after all.

 "How about it? Adventurers are interesting right?"

 "Are you joking?"

 Why should I intentionally go to such a dangerous place like I'm seeking thrills.

 If it's possible I wish to be like Paul surrounded by women.

 "Chasing after girls' butts suits my character."

 "My dream is to be like father to be surrounded by a few of them."

 "Is that so, is that so. But it's better to chase after one butt."

 Paul points to my back, and I turn back to find a sullen Sylphy behind me.

 Such misfortune.

 Part 4

 Recently in my room, I'm teaching Sylphy a lot of things.

 To explain the details of the theory behind voiceless incantation, it's faster to teach from the basics of physics and maths.

 Even though I'm the lowest in my class during middle school. I entered an idiot high school with much difficulty, only to stop in the middle of it.

 Therefore I can teach only a limited amount of things.

 Even though learning isn't everything in school, I regret that I didn't study more things.

 Sylphy has basically understood how to write and read, as well as 2 digits additions and subtraction. Teaching her the multiplication tables is a little harder, but she has a pretty sharp mind. I'm sure she will even catch on to division soon enough.

 Along with magic, I teach her about science.

 "Why does water that's heated up become steam…… air?"

 "Well, the water vapor has evaporated into the air. But if you want to evaporate it, temperature is a must. So when you make it hot, it will be easier to evaporate."

 I'm currently teaching her the concepts about evaporation, condensation, sublimation.

 "……?"

 A face full of incomprehension.

 But she's a straightforward kid, she absorbs things quickly.

 "Well, you should just know that anything will melt if you make it hot, and it will condense when it cools down."

 Since I'm not a teacher, it should be enough like this.

 Sylphy's smarter than me. If she tries it out on her own, she will get it. If she uses magic I won't be afraid that there isn't enough experimentation.

 "Will rocks also melt too?"

 "You need a really high temperature."

 "Can Rudi melt rocks?"

 "Of course."

 Even though I say that I have never tried it.

 Recently I managed to roughly separate the air. Using this, I can forcefully add in oxygen and hydrogen, so I can achieve the temperature for melting a rock, but it's possible that I might burn myself, so I didn't want to try it.

 Just to add on, there's an advanced ranked magic called [Molten rocks].

 No matter how you look at it, it's a melded magic that mixes earth and fire, but it's classified as advanced fire magic. Even though it's classified to a certain system, there's a relationship to other systems. If you want to increase the fire power you can just keep on pouring mana into it, but if you use combustible materials, you can increase the power more effectively.

 This is what I understand to this point.

 But that is it.

 My magic level didn't change very much from the time Roxy said her farewells.

 Even though I tried combining magic, or use various methods, or using science to increase the strength.

 From the surface, perhaps the level has risen quite a bit.

 But I'm feeling the bottleneck of it. With my knowledge, I am unable to accomplish something harder. If there's some difficulty in my past life, I could have searched it online, but this world doesn't have something so convenient.

 Who should I learn it from………

 "School?………"

 It seems there is a magic school. Even though Roxy has some slight criticism to the magic school, I should be able to enter it.

 "Is Rudi going to school?"

 I mutter to myself, and Sylphy looks at me with very uneasy eyes.

 Every time she turns her head, her green hair will also move.

 I told her with the frequency of every month [It's better to keep longer hair] has finally succeeded, lately Sylphy has started to let her hair grow.

 Even though the length is only about a girl's short hair, the slightly untidy emerald like hair will move along with her head.

 It feels great.

 There's just a bit left for a ponytail.

 "I won't go there. Father also says I will get bullied and I can't learn anything there."

 "But Rudi has been strange lately."

 Really?

 I didn't realize that. Did I do something stupid again?

 Even though I'm carefully trying to act like a Donkan character in front of Sylphy.

 "I've been strange since birth."

 I reply with half of the intention to inquire about it, Sylphy creases her forehead and shakes her head.

 "That's not it. How should I put it? It's like you're not energetic……"

 Oh. That's what she means.

 I think too much. I thought I did something stupid again.

 I got worried by her.

 "That's because I'm feeling the bottleneck. I didn't improve much on magic and sword techniques."

 "But…… Rudi is really amazing?"

 "For my age it's probably so."

 Indeed, in this world, I might be really amazing at my age.

 But, I still haven't done anything. Magic as well, I'm just relying on my past memories and managed to notice on how to use voiceless incantation, and do it slightly better than others.

 But because my past life's ability to memorize things is low, now I have already reached my limits, and I'm unable to advance. How many times have I regretted not being able to learn more things, now I can't relearn it. Also, my past life's common knowledge might not work here. There are many rules in this world that I don't know. I can't keep relying on my past memories right?

 Magic is this world's logic.

 So I need to understand this world.

 "I feel that it's time to move on to the next stage."

 Sylphy's magic is getting better and better, and she has become smart.

 Looking at her, my heart is burning with anxiety. I'm useless for being the only one not moving forward.

 Even though I keep saying that I'm a donkan protagonist, after I grow up, I might be ditched by Sylphy.

 "Are you going somewhere?"

 Sylphy asks me with her brows creased.

 "Indeed. Father also says that it's better for me to become an adventurer and enter the dungeons, and there aren't a lot of things I can do in the village…… If I want to I should either go to school or become an adventurer…"

 I didn't think too much and just randomly say it.

 "N… No!"

 Sylphy suddenly shouts and hugs me.

 Woah. What what what's wrong?

 A love confession?

 When I am thinking about that, I realize Sylphy is trembling all over.

 "Miss Sylphy Ette?"

 "N, o, no…… no!!"

 Sylphy tightly hugs me till the point I feel I can't breathe.

 Did Sylphy feel something over the lost and silent me……

 "N, no, don't go…… Uuu, uuu, hic."

 She sobs.

 Her small shoulders are trembling violently. Her face burying in my chest.

 …… What, what. What's wrong?

 I first rub Sylphy's head, and softly pat her back.

 At the same time the butt……… No, no I'm not Paul.

 Leave the butt alone.

 I wrap my arms around her back, and use my whole body to experience Sylphy's touch.

 She feels so warm and soft. I bury my face in her hair and I smell something nice.

 Ah, this is great. This, is really great…… I feel like……

 "Uu, I don't want you to go. Don't go, anywhere……"

 I come back to my senses.

 "Ah, ahh……"

 I see. That's how it is.

 Recently, Sylphy has been coming to our home in the morning a lot more.

 Once she comes over she will look at me happily practicing sword techniques, then training magic or learning.

 We have been doing something like this.

 If I leave one day, Sylphy will be all alone. Even if she uses magic to chase the bad kids away, she won't make any friends.

 Once I think to there, my heart finds her to be even cuter.

 She's only liked by me.

 That's something that only belongs to me.

 "I got it, I got it. I won't go anywhere."

 I actually have to throw such a cute child behind to go somewhere else?

 Improving my magic?

 So what? I already can use saint ranked and advanced ranked magic, if something happens, I'll be a teacher like Roxy. Before I can reach the age of an adult, I'll spend my time with Sylphy.

 Let's do that.

 Growing up together, raising her a little to suit my taste.

 The Hikaru Genji project.

 Hehehehehe.

 …………… Ha!

 Nooooo! Calm down calm down calm down.

 Didn't you decide to be a donkan type?

 Why did you suddenly plan that……

 But, but.

 A donkan type isn't a reason for doing a Hikaru Genji project…… right?

 Wait! What am I thinking about!!

 But… Bah. How much should I pretend not to know what this child feels?

 She's only 6 years old.

 She sticks very closely to me. I can feel her goodwill towards me.

 But, that shouldn't be in the sense of romantic love.

 Then let's keep that.

 But when should I keep that?

 10 years old, 15 years old…… or later……?

 What if I'm hated by Sylphy?

 Even though the like score is currently at MAX, there's no guarantee that it wont drop.

 During then, can I hold it in………?

 I…… can't!!

 There are things humans can and cannot do!!

 Look at her. She's so soft, warm and gentle, and she smells so nice.

 She's trying to tell me her feelings, and I'm supposed to ignore that?!

 That's too strange right?

 If we're conscious of each other, I should move on to the next step.

 I shouldn't hold it in by myself and not move forward. We should move together as one!!

 Should I waste my time on mistakes?

 Even though I know it's a mistake and not correct it?

 I've decided!! I will raise Sylphy as a type that I like!!

 Oh, I'm giving up as the donkan type!! Sylphy------------!!

 "Hey Rudi……… There's a letter for you."

 Paul comes in and I return from my [World].

 I hurriedly push Sylphy away.

 That was too dangerous. I nearly became a scumbag boss character.

 I need to thank Paul.

 But this time I managed to hold onto my true feelings. I still have my limits.

 I managed to restrain myself this time. Can I restrain myself the next time……?

 The letter is from Roxy.

 "Dear Rudi:

 How have you been?

 Time really flies, it has been 2 years since our farewell.

 Now that I'm not continuing to drift, I can finally write a letter to you.

 I'm staying at the Shirone capital. It seems that I became famous after entering a dungeon as an adventurer, and I got hired as the Prince's home school tutor.

 Teaching the prince has made me recall of the days in the Greyrat family.

 The prince is similar to Rudeus. He's not as good as Rudi, but his magic potential is distinct and he's also very clever. Also, he's the same as you since he spies on me changing clothes, and steals my pantsu. He's always full of himself and is different from Rudeus in that department, but his actions are like yours.

 Should I attribute that to heroes being lustful?

 I'm worried if I'm going to be attacked during this employment period.

 What's so good about this weak and frail body……

 Ah, am I being impolite and disrespectful to the crown by writing all this……?

 Well, I'll talk about that later. I think it should be okay since I'm not saying bad things behind his back. The kingdom wants to appoint me as the court magician, even though it's for a limited time.

 It's just so that I'm doing magic research, that's a coincidence.

 Oh, that's right. I can finally use Water-King ranked magic.

 The library in Shirone kingdom has books related to Water-King ranked magic.

 I thought I was unable to take another step after learning saint ranked magic, but I can actually do it if I try.

 Rudeus must be capable of using Water-Emperor ranked magic by now. Or should I say, that all your other systems have reached saint ranked. The studious you might even have touched the Healing Magic or Summoning Magic by now right?

 Or have you started going onto the route of a swordsman?

 Even though there's a bit of a pity, but if it's Rudeus, no matter which road you choose it's okay.

 My target is to be a Water-God ranked magician.

 I have said before that if you find you have a bottleneck in magic, you can try knocking on Ranoa University's doors.

 If you don't have a written introduction, you will have to undergo a test. Though, if it's you, it should be easy to pass.

 Well then, I'll end it here.

 - Roxy

 PS: By the time you reply, I might not be in the kingdom, you don't need to reply."

 This letter is such a wake-up call.

 Damn it.

 I search for Shirone on the map.

 It's a small country situated in the Central Continent southeast area.

 It's not too far away from a straight line. But the mountains in the Central Continent have red dragons, so there's no way to pass it and you need to go around a long way by the south side.

 A faraway kingdom.

 Furthermore, the Magic University in Ranoa requires traveling in a roundabout way to the Northwest.

 "Hm……"

 Roxy didn't teach me any king ranked magic……

 It's because she didn't know.

 On the reply letter I didn't write anything noteworthy.

 That's because I didn't want Roxy to know of my useless status.

 Even though I'm not sure how amazing I am in her eyes, I didn't want to disappoint her.

 But, coming back to think about it. Magic University?

 Roxy once said that it was fantastic there.

 But, it's too far away.

 I can't throw Sylphy away.

 What can I do……?

 Anyway, I added a PS on the letter:

 "Also, I'm sorry for stealing your pantsu."

 Part 5

 The 2nd day after the letter arrived, I state my thoughts when the family gathers.

 "Father, can I make a selfish request?"

 "No."

 I get immediately refused.

 But, Zenith sitting on the side knocked on Paul's head. Lilia sitting on the other side also added an attack.

 Because of the pregnancy saga, Lilia also sits at the dining table to have her meal. In the past, she fulfilled her status as a maid by serving from the side, but she's now family.

 It's okay for polygamy in this country?

 Whatever.

 "Rudeus. Whatever you need just say it. Father will satisfy you."

 Zenith says gently while looking at Paul who's grasping his head.

 "Young Master Rudeus has never said something selfish before. It's time to test Master's dignity and reliability."

 Lilia helps me too.

 Paul straightens himself again, crosses his arms and raises his chin, making him look important.

 "Rudeus actually states he's has a selfish request. It must be something that's out of my league."

 Paul gets hit again, and falls flat onto the table.

 These are the small jokes during family time.

 Then I tell them.

 "Actually, I feel that my magic learning has reached a bottleneck. I wish to go to Ranoa's University to learn……"

 "……Oh."

 "But after I told this intention to Sylphy, she started to cry and doesn't want to be apart from me."

 "Oh, this playboy, who do you resemble? Eh?"

 Paul get hits a 3rd time with a 2 chain attack.

 "So I want to go to school with her, but her family isn't as well off as ours. So, I want to make a request to pay school fees for both of us."

 "Oh……"

 Paul puts both of his elbows on the table, and uses a sharp gaze on me like a superior officer.

 This is the gaze he uses when he holds a sword.

 The only moment when Paul deserves respect.

 "No."

 Paul says the same thing as before.

 This time it's real.

 Zenith and Lilia are also quiet.

 "There are 3 reasons.

 Number 1, you're still learning sword techniques. If you put them down now, your skill will become undeveloped. As your teacher, I can't let you put them down now.

 Number 2, about money. If it's only you, we can still handle it, but we can't do that if you want us to handle Sylphy's as well. The fees for the Magic University are not cheap, our household's money isn't like hot water where you can constantly run it.

 Number 3, your age. You're only 7 years old. Even though you're a smart kid, there are many things you don't know. Your experience is severely insufficient. We can't throw away our responsibilities as parents."

 As I thought, that didn't work.

 But I'm not giving up.

 Paul is different from the past. He will think about it and give reasons. That means if I satisfy these 3 conditions it will be fine. Don't be anxious. I don't need to go right now.

 "I understand, Father. Then, I'll continue practicing sword techniques as usual, about the age problem how many years do I need to wait?"

 "That's right…… 15, before you're 12 years old you must stay at home."

 12 years old hm.

 I remember you're an adult once you're 15 years old.

 "Can I ask why it's 12 years old?"

 "Because when I left home, I was 12."

 "I see, I got it."

 12 years old to Paul is something that can't be negotiated.

 Since I don't want to belittle his pride as a male, I can only shut up and nod.

 "Then the final problem."

 "Oh."

 "Please introduce a job to me. Since I am literate, and able to use math, I can become a home tutor or teach magic. It's best if the salary is high."

 "Job? Why?"

 Paul looks at me with serious eyes, as if to intimidate me.

 "I'll earn Sylphy's school fees."

 "…………This can't be said that it's good for Sylphy."

 "Yes. But this is for myself."

 "……"

 Silence persisted for a while.

 It's not a comfortable atmosphere for me.

 "Is that right……… I see……"

 Paul seems to have thought of something and nods.

 "I got it. I can help you ask about it if it's this matter."

 Paul uses a reliable expression to reply to me. It's different from Zenith and Lilia's troubled expressions.

 "Thank you very much."

 I lower my head in thanks, and dinner continues.

 Part 6

 --Paul's POV--

 I can't believe Rudeus said something like that.

 My son is growing up too fast.

 It's usually when one at least reaches the age of 14 or 15 before they say something like that.

 Even for me I was 11 years old, which is when my Sword-God style reached the advanced rank.

 People who are unable to say something like that will never be able to say that in their life.

 "If you rush ahead too fast, you will die early…… huh."

 Once before, a warrior said something like that to me.

 Of course, I ignored him when I heard that.

 The people living around me are just too leisurely. The time when the human race has power is very short, but no one wants to run. The things that can be done should be finished completely. Even if you get blamed for it, when it reaches to that point one can talk about it later on.

 Well, even though I did all that and had a kid, I relied on my relatives on the noble side for a way to become a knight.

 I'll put this aside first.

 Rudeus's lifestyle is even more urgent.

 I felt worried when I looked at him.

 The people around me when I was young must have also thought of the same thing.

 But Rudeus is different from me who's wild. Anything he does is all planned out.

 Is that Zenith's blood?

 "Well, let father tie you for a bit longer."

 I wrote a letter as I thought that.

 A few days ago Rawls also discussed a matter with me. Sylphy's sticking way too much to Rudeus.

 From Sylphy's viewpoint, Rudeus must be a prince charming who rescued her from a hell-like childhood. Teaching her various things like an older brother, and finally realizing their difference in gender. Rawls also said, if Rudeus can win her over it will be for the best.

 I also thought that having such a cute kid as a daughter in law wouldn't be bad, but when I listened to Rudeus today I changed my mind.

 Right now the situation is about the level of brainwashing.

 I have seen that type many times during the time when I was with the nobles.

 Relying overly on their parents. People who are like dolls.

 Although it's still okay if the relied people are still there.

 Even if it's a doll, you can still act out an interesting play if you control it well. If Rudeus still loves Sylphy, she will be alright.

 But Rudeus has inherited my blood.

 The blood with a fondness for women.

 It's possible to have another relationship with a woman by accident. No, since he inherited my blood, he will definitely do it and more.

 In the end, it's possible that Sylphy won't get chosen.

 At that point, the abandoned Sylphy will be unable to stand. Like a broken doll, she will never stand again.

 I will not allow that to happen, that my son caused such a cute kid's life to be destroyed. It's not a good thing for my son either.

 I write a letter.

 I pray that I receive a satisfactory answer.

 But the next thing.

 How can I convince my son who's good at arguing.

 I guess I'll use brute force.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
