Volume 12  1 — Saying Farewell

Volume 12 Chapter 1 - Saying Farewell

 

 Part 1

 Begaritto Continent.

 That continent is a different land isolated by the ocean.

 The place of our objective is Labyrinth City Lapan, inland on the eastern side of the continent.

 There are two kinds of routes for the sake of crossing over to the continent.

 The method of traveling to the edge of Central Continent, Dragon King Kingdom's port city East Port and then moving across by boat.

 That would mean you enter the Begaritto Continent on the eastern side.

 It's somewhat of a roundabout way, but it's the safe course.

 The other one is a route to take a boat from a port city in Asura Kingdom and enter the Begaritto Continent from the northern side.

 It's a bit dangerous because it means crossing Begaritto Continent, but it can drastically reduce the time it takes.

 Taking that into consideration, the former would take 18 months.

 And the latter would take 12 months, or at least it could be said to be around there.

 Even if we were able to find some sort of efficient method to move, we can say from the start it's still impossible to do the round trip within seven months.

 In other words, I won't make it in time for the childbirth.

 That's not the only concern.

 This time I'm completely opposing Hitogami's advice head on.

 Although, since it's him, the fact that I would disobey it might have been within his assumptions.

 However, if it comes down to opposing him head on, as I thought the story is different.

 If I were to say it, during the time we crossed over to the Central Continent, it's almost like not going to Shirone Kingdom.

 Without ever meeting Zanoba, it would mean Lilia and Aisha continue to remain captive.

 Just, in that case, things might have changed so I wouldn't have ended up running into Orsted.

 If I had done that, I wonder what would have been going on around this time.

 Without any specific problems we would have arrived at the refugee camp.

 Still, I wonder if it would have ended up with my first night with Eris and then separation?

 About 10 years later, after finding out about Lilia and the others whereabouts, I wonder if I would have regretted it.

 Right, that guy said that I would regret it.

 The advice from last time is unchanged from this time's advice as well, that I would regret it.

 Most likely it's not something related to time.

 If I go to Begaritto Continent I will regret it.

 I don't know what kind of regret it will be.

 There are several things I can imagine.

 For example, it could be that… I might lose something.

 Right hand or left hand.

 Or, Paul or Zenith…

 No, I should stop with thinking about it too deeply.

 In any case, if I decided not to go and didn't go, then I would have ended up living another year or two worrying endlessly.

 As a result of that, if I hear notice of someone having died, it could be possible that I get criticized by a worn-out Paul or Gisu.

 There are any number of possibilities.

 I have no choice other than to go.

 Even knowing I will regret it.

 Part 2

 First I decided to talk with Elinalise.

 If Sylphy starts to cry when I talk to her, then my resolve might get dull after all.

 First by talking about it with those around, I want to fortify my resolve.

 I called out Elinalise to an empty classroom at school.

 There, I informed that I had decided to go to Begaritto Continent. She made a bitter face.

 "You know, Rudeus, I told you stay behind here?"

 "Yeah, however…"

 While I was hesitating to say it, Elinalise said it.

 "In the first place, that letter, it might just be Gisu jumping to conclusions you know?"

 "Jumping to conclusions huh?"

 "I'm sure you know as well Rudeus, but that man has times when he jumps to conclusions without confirming the important things first as well."

 Well, I'm sure there are things like that as well.

 Gisu is the type that doesn't tell the whole truth while moving around and doing things in the background.

 "This time as well, that possibility is plenty likely. Unexpectedly, one month or so later it might become the case that we get a letter saying, [Previous Statement Withdrawal, Zenith is Safe.]"

 "I've considered that possibility myself as well."

 After going to carry it out and by the time we get there Paul and the others have already resolved it.

 It would be a difference in passing.

 That's certainly a possibility that exists but…

 "But, think about it a bit, isn't it strange that Gisu would know my location?"

 "…Ha?"

 "The time when we sent a letter after deciding our residence was one and a half years ago. If Gisu has been in Begaritto Continent for over half a year, how did he find out our location and send a letter?"

 Just by moving, it will take close to one year.

 Even sending a letter will take about that amount of time.

 It's not like we can just use a cellphone or mail.

 Even the special express delivery, takes more than half a year to arrive.

 The time doesn't match up.

 If Gisu had come together with Elinalise, separated soon after and moved straight to Begaritto Continent, then it would still be better.

 How could a guy who has always been on Begaritto Continent know of our location?

 "Most likely, Gisu has already joined father and the others. Then he heard my location and sent out a letter using that express delivery."

 "Then, why is the sender Gisu?"

 "Either it's Gisu's own judgment or something with my father's pride, I guess."

 "Pride…?"

 Elinalise put her hand to her chin and considered it.

 Paul wrote down in the letter sent to me as well, that he's leaving things afterwards to me.

 That matter is probably interfering and making it hard for him to ask for help.

 Elinalise looked at me.

 However she made a [Hmm] and considered it some more.

 In the end she finally nodded in agreement.

 "…It can't be helped, can it? Let's go together with the two of us."

 I don't know what kind of conclusion she came to.

 However, while smiling bitterly, Elinalise said it.

 It was almost like she knew it would end up like this.

 We'll be going together to Begaritto Continent as a party of two.

 That's our plan.

 Part 3

 One hour later.

 "Then, let's decide on the route at once."

 Elinalise returned to her own room and quickly came back carrying a large map.

 For the sake of the journey it must be something she prepared and left out in advance.

 The two of us studied the map.

 The detailed roads and locations of the towns aren't written down, it was a simple map with just the shape of the continent and the locations of the mountains.

 These past few days Elinalise must have been investigating the roads in advance.

 The rough location of Lapan and various important points along the way have marks next to them.

 Just as I thought, there are two routes.

 "For the time being the sooner we arrive at Lapan, the better isn't it?"

 Elinalise pointed her finger at the shortcut.

 The route that enters from the north.

 "But, the route that enters from the north is dangerous you know."

 This route is dangerous.

 We don't know the roads either. It's a route where we have no choice but to cross a dangerous continent.

 I have a reasonable amount of confidence in my own ability at fighting monsters as well.

 There are no worries about combat potential.

 Even though I say that, an unknown land is still scary.

 "If I remember correctly Rudeus, you can speak the Fighting God language right?"

 "Eh? Yeah. It's not very native sounding though."

 "Then it would be fine if we hire a guide when we get to the actual place."

 "I see."

 Following Elinalise's advice we decided on the route in a flash, since she was used to traveling.

 After that, we roughly decided the flow of the journey.

 First, we'll buy a horse in this town.

 We'll travel with the minimal amount of luggage necessary until Asura Kingdom.

 If the luggage is too heavy then the movement speed starts to dull after all.

 The lighter we are, the more distance we can cover.

 Along the way we'll continue to replace our horses, moving as quickly as possible towards the port city of Asura.

 After we arrive at the port city of Asura, there we'll buy and prepare equipment and food.

 Especially food goods, it's not confirmed that we'll be able to buy what we need in Begaritto Continent.

 The price of goods in Asura is high, but at least in regards to food, we'll without a doubt be able to gather it.

 After the preparations are done, we'll get on a ship to Begaritto Continent.

 In the port city we'll hire a guide.

 Depending on the situation, we could hire a number of escorts as well.

 Elinalise will conduct the negotiations at that time. I'm the interpreter.

 With the help of the guide we'll traverse Begaritto Continent and arrive at Lapan.

 There we'll merge with Paul and the others and solve the problem.

 Then we'll return using the same route.

 "Up until Asura at least, it's a journey we've done any number of times so it will be fine. The problem is choosing what we take with us when going to Begaritto…"

 It's not like we can just take anything and everything.

 If we could get our hands on something like a carriage it would be easy, but Begaritto is a land of continuous desert.

 Most likely there's some other kind of different transport used.

 If I were to compare it to Magic Continent, it would be those lizard-like fellows.

 According to my predictions there should be something like a camel.

 "That is something we'll complete somehow or other relying on experience."

 "As expected of an old-one's wisdom."

 "Please don't flatter me."

 I was an adventurer for five years or so as well.

 Even though I say that, if I were to be compared to a great veteran like Elinalise, it would still be fine to call me an amateur.

 It's come down to where I'm considerably leaving it to her.

 "Since we have physical strength after all, we should be able to move at a considerably quick pace."

 "That's right."

 Elinalise is probably fine, but the problem is how far I'll be able to keep up I guess.

 I've been continuing my training, but I still wonder if I'll end up slowing down Elinalise since she's used to traveling.

 Though I think it will be fine.

 "Since there are horses raised for the purpose of traveling long distances around here, it's just right."

 The objective is to arrive within Asura in less than two months.

 I don't know how long the trip on the boat will take, but we can assume one month.

 Neither of us have been to Begaritto, but since it seems to be a harsh land, we'll try to move to our objective within half a year.

 …One-way it'll take about eight months.

 That's reasonably faster than first assumed.

 I have the feeling that if I use magic then I can reduce it even more, but the shallow thinking of an amateur can cause some kind of mistake. It's quite possible that it will end up taking unnecessary time as well.

 This is where I'd like to go with a more reliable method of arrival.

 Other than that, there're various other things we need to keep in mind while confirming one by one on the way.

 I'd say as expected of a veteran like Elinalise.

 She's ironing out the details to avoid conflicting opinions from coming up during the journey.

 Worthless disputes can't be stomped out in just a single day.

 Even down to the details, we confirmed each and every thing.

 "The problem is…"

 In the end Elinalise put her hand on her chin and made a difficult face.

 I feel that we decided all the main points, but I wonder if there's anything else.

 "It's about my curse."

 "Ah…"

 If she doesn't have intercourse with men, she'll die.

 If it's a willful journey, then it's fine.

 It's fine to just find a relevant partner in a town she stops by.

 If it comes down to a long journey, then there's also the possibility of sticking together with a party from somewhere as well.

 But, on a journey in a rush, there will be times when nothing can be done about it.

 "…"

 "…"

 We both kept silent.

 There's a method to resolve it.

 It would be fine for me to be the partner.

 I'm a man as well.

 Before we attended the university, it's different from the time when I formed a party with Elinalise.

 If I was told to work as a partner, then I can do something like being a partner.

 However I don't want to betray Sylphy or Cliff.

 "During the journey, Elinalise-san and I can't do it."

 "Yeah, that's right."

 "Let's try to make use of something like a brothel on the way."

 During the journey, we won't lay our hands on each other.

 We need to make that clear.

 If we don't do that, we might end gradually moving in a direction where we end up doing something after all.

 "Come to think of it, that one magic tool? It can weaken the effect of the curse right?"

 "If I were to bring that out, then Cliff will…"

 "You don't intend to speak to Cliff?"

 Elinalise intends to silently leave Cliff it seems.

 No matter what, isn't that just to pitiful for Cliff?

 "It's no good if you don't talk to Cliff."

 "But, I…"

 "Please leave it to me. I won't let it end up badly."

 We started towards Cliff's place.

 Part 4

 Cliff's research room.

 After Cliff saw us, he came up to show us that one diaper magic tool with a full face smile.

 "Just look at this, I've improved it a bit and it's become smaller. With this, even if you wear it for long periods it won't rub against your crotch and cause any pain…"

 "Cliff-senpai, do you love Elinalise-san?"

 I interrupted with my words and asked straight to the point.

 Cliff looked at me with a puzzled face.

 "That's obvious, right?"

 It was a face like he was asked, [Yesterday, did you eat food?]

 As expected of him, I'd say.

 "Do you intend to continue to love her no matter what happens?"

 "Naturally. I love Lize. You know that much right?"

 "I wanted to hear those words."

 I explained the situation.

 The possibility that my family has fallen into a predicament.

 That my father has a deep relation as friends with Elinalise and she wants to go help them.

 That it will be a long journey.

 During that time, the probability is high that Elinalise will end up having relations with other men.

 In addition, I talked about various things.

 "…"

 Cliff remained silent while listening to the story advance.

 And then flatly said it.

 "…If I were to try and go with you, I'd be nothing but a dead weight."

 That is frankly true, but they're words that are hard to reply to.

 The one who replied wasn't me, but Elinalise.

 "That's right. Honestly, Cliff's physical strength won't last."

 If it was the usual Elinalise, then she would continue more oblate.

 However, this time she said it quite clearly in order to bluntly refuse.

 "I see…"

 Cliff dropped his gaze in regret.

 That gesture felt like it was stabbing into my chest.

 I wonder how much he really takes matters to heart with her.

 If she goes on the journey, then Elinalise has no choice other than to have intercourse with other men.

 No matter how much Cliff accepts her in his heart, even if he understands that it's because of the curse, it's still something heartbreaking I'm sure.

 "Hey, Elinalise-san, why don't we have Cliff-senpai come along as well in spite of it. He can use barrier magic as well. Even his Exorcism is Advanced level. Certainly he might be lacking in physical strength, but I'm sure he'll be useful somew…"

 "No, it's fine Rudeus. During the time when we went adventuring together as well, I was just slowing things down. I'm sure, this time as well even if I were to follow along on the journey, I would just end up as a hindrance."

 While saying that, Cliff placed the diaper-like magic tool in my hand.

 "Rudeus."

 "Yes."

 "I entrust Lize to you."

 Honestly, I thought he would cry out about it more.

 However, still even more than I thought, it seems Cliff understands his own power.

 "Lize."

 Cliff faced Elinalise's direction.

 And then, from a somewhat lower height from her, gently embraced her.

 "Cliff…"

 Just like that the two tightly embraced each other.

 "Lize. After you return, let's have the wedding ceremony. The curse still hasn't been solved, but we'll buy a house for the two of us and live there together. I've made you feel uneasy because we haven't done that until now right? That it might just be talk like that."

 "Ah, Cliff, but I'm a cruel woman you know. This time as well, I was actually planning to leave silently without telling you."

 "The marriage ceremony will be a Milis ceremony, but is that fine? Even though Lize isn't a Milis believer…"

 I wonder if Cliff was intentionally ignoring Elinalise's words.

 In any case, for Elinalise that was fine.

 Just by hearing those words from Cliff, it seems she was overcome with emotion.

 "Ah, Cliff…I love you! More than anyone in this world!"

 Elinalise pushed down Cliff.

 By the time Cliff's lower half had been peeled bare I had left the research room.

 From here on out, it's time for the two of them.

 The hindrance will be left here.

 However, that Cliff, he really knew she was feeling uneasy about his promise to marry when he said that.

 Part 5

 I went around to say farewell to others in each place as well.

 I won't be able to return for a year and a half.

 If any trouble happens on the other side, then it might even take two years.

 Two years is a long time.

 It's no good if I don't do it properly rather than just a short greeting.

 The first place I went towards was the staff member room.

 It's Jinas's place.

 It won't be good if I don't make sure to take care of the formal office work-like procedures ahead of time.

 The same as always, he had a pile of documents in front of him as he worked energetically.

 "Greetings, vice principal Jinas."

 "Ah, if it isn't Rudeus-san. It's been a while. I heard that you succeeded on a large scale experiment or something at Seven Star-san's place."

 "Yeah, it's thanks to the assistance from Zanoba and Cliff."

 "Is that how it was?"

 It seems that story of that one experiment has circulated around to Jinas as well.

 I wonder if that kind of information unexpectedly seems to make it around.

 "And then, what is it for today?"

 "Yes, I need to do preparations for an absence of about two years or so."

 "Two years is it?"

 "Something important has come up."

 "Is that so…"

 It's not that I'm trying to avoid the topic, but Jinas didn't try to ask anything more than that.

 "I understand. I'll do the paperwork for a temporary absence from school, at the time when you return, please show yourself in front of me again."

 "Is it alright to take a temporary absence for two years?"

 "If it was a normal student then it wouldn't be something good, but it's permitted as a special privilege to special students."

 I'm sure it would have been taken as dropping out normally after all.

 "Thank you very much."

 "No, the special student system is for that sake after all."

 "Then, in addition could I ask to allow the student known as Elinalize to be treated as a temporary absence as well? She isn't a special student, but she intends to go along with my convenience as an escort."

 "Is that so… I understand. I'll try to make it work out somehow."

 Jinas pleasantly took that on.

 It's a really appreciated talk.

 I said my thanks to Jinas and left the staff member room.

 Part 6

 Soon after leaving the staff member room, I ran into Rinia and Pursena.

 After seeing me, the two of them raised their hands and approached me.

 I told the two that I would be absent for about two years or so as well.

 "I see. It will become lonely nya."

 "If it's going to be two years, then we'll have graduated. We won't meet again nano."

 After it was said, I realized it.

 They're sixth year students. In another two years, they'll have graduated.

 They'll have returned to the Great Forest.

 It sure is lonely not be present at that farewell.

 "That's right isn't it…"

 Come to think of it, the Human God said to start a relationship with one of these two.

 In another two months or so the mating season will start. I wonder if a development like that would come up.

 I take a good look at the two.

 "What nya? Is there something on me?"

 Rinia.

 Those cat ears that twitch as they move, the tail that swings back and forth, and those healthy looking thighs are her characteristics.

 Her chest size is big as well. About D or E size.

 Since all the Beast Race are big, it might just be average.

 She gives off the feeling of a healthy kyonyu-chan.

 Even on top of the bed, it seems like it would be enjoyable for her to show that cheeky reaction.

 "[Sniff][Sniff]… could it be boss, since we're not going to see each other again, you're thinking something like, [At least once] nano?"

 Pursena.

 With those soft looking dog ears and that plump full body as her characteristics.

 Even among the beast race the dog type seem to be large, but I think her chest is around F.

 I've groped them several times, but they're considerably soft.

 If you were to embrace her enough to be buried in them, I'm sure that would feel great.

 "Excuse me. The other day, a certain person gave me the advice to push you two down during the mating season. So I was just remembering that."

 "Seriously, boss, did you have such intention nya?"

 "Even though I've tried seducing you, since you never get on board I thought we were hated by you nano."

 While the two said that indifferently, they were smiling with a grin.

 Making children with them.

 Furthermore, according to the way Hitogami put it, Sylphy doesn't blame me for that it seems.

 I wonder if it's because she's pregnant, or else if she doesn't want it to turn into a scene of carnage, I don't know.

 However, if it means that I'm going to become even happier, I wonder if that means it would result in something that's convenient for me.

 It's one thing to have a sword to protect Sylphy's honor, but I'm a man as well.

 It's still somewhat captivating.

 Having a harem is the dream of a man after all.

 Accept them as the concubines and do some foursome play with Sylphy.

 I guess there was such a future out there.

 "Rinia, Pursena."

 "Yes nya."

 "Yes-nano."

 After calling out to them, the two of them were looking at me with somewhat tense expressions.

 "Let's continue being friends."

 The two's features crumbled.

 They shrugged their shoulders and came up from both sides.

 "…It can't be helped nya. Boss is the lonely type after nyall.

 "We'll remain friends, don't want to betray-nano."

 I exchanged a handshake with the two.

 Thinking about it, this might be the first time I've shook their hands.

 Female friends huh.

 Friendship doesn't exist between men and women, I've heard such talk before though.

 Well, even if there's some amount of sexual desire mixed in, friendship can still hold true as friendship.

 What's important is to maintain a mutual sense of distance.

 "Then, we'll meet again. Ten years later, or twenty years later I don't know though."

 "Right nya. In another ten years, I'll have become great, so you'll need to prostrate before me nya."

 "For the conquest of the Great Forest."

 The two speaking of their ambitions, I left just saying one thing, "I'll pray that it doesn't become a case of gekokujo."

 If luck permits, then I'm sure we'll meet again.

 Part 7

 After arriving in front of Nanahoshi's research room.

 I wonder how I should break the ice.

 She's the solitary type.

 While taking a tsuntsun attitude, on the contrary she might show a large amount of loneliness.

 I'm going to be absent for up to two years.

 If it comes down to that, her research will stagnate as well.

 Her journey home has already been progressing slowly at best.

 Natural as it is, I'm sure she'll try to restrain me.

 Probably with some kind of reason attached.

 She might try to threaten me as well.

 [If you're going to go on a trip then, I'll ***** Sylphy] If I'm told something like that I wonder what I should do.

 I don't think she's yandere to that extent though.

 "Fu…"

 I took a single breath. A single knock.

 "Come in."

 After waiting for a response, I enter the research room.

 Nanahoshi raises her face from the desk and looks over here.

 "What? It's different from the usual time though."

 "Actually, I've come to give notice of something unfortunate."

 "Unfortunate notice?"

 Nanahoshi was making a puzzled face.

 Well, it doesn't really change how I talk about it.

 I'll just say it as it is.

 "I'm leaving on a journey. Since my family is in trouble. I'll be going as far as Labyrinth City Lapan on the Begaritto Continent. Round trip it will take about two years or so."

 "…Eh?"

 After spending a short while dumbfounded, Nanahoshi stood up while kicking off from the chair sharply.

 She put her hand on top of the desk and looked at me with a dumbfounded face.

 "…Begaritto, Labyrinth City Lapan, two years…"

 She continued to repeat my words like she was considering over them.

 "I'm very sorry about this, even though I said I would help you. But, no matter what, this is something that I have to go and do."

 Nanahoshi opened her eyes after hearing my words and took a deep breath.

 And then, sat down in the chair with a bang and looked up at the ceiling.

 "Two years…"

 "After I return, I'll properly continue to help out with your research."

 "…Two years."

 Nanahoshi crossed her arms and didn't say anything but two years.

 More than that, she didn't say anything else.

 She's not trying to restrain me or cry out either.

 Just, she's looking at the ceiling like she's thinking about something.

 Just like that, about half the time passed.

 Today is nothing but painful times.

 "Well then, please excuse me."

 It can't be helped.

 Even she should understand that I'm only helping out of good will.

 I'm sure she really wants to restrain me, she's enduring it.

 I turned heel and was about to leave,

 "Wait a minute."

 I stopped my feet at that voice.

 Honestly, I don't really want to chat.

 I know she's going to try and stop me.

 But, I'm sure it's better to properly talk it out.

 Thinking that, I turn around.

 From the lowest drawer of her desk Nanahoshi takes out something like a notebook.

 She turns over the pages flipping through that, she opens it to a certain page and shows it to me.

 "Look at this."

 Just as I was told I take a look.

 The notebook had scraps of a map attached to it.

 I have a recollection of the map, it's the surroundings of this city.

 Even though I say that, the scale is somewhat large.

 On the top part of the map, in somewhat large letters, "N1" was written.

 In a certain forest in the southwest a red cross mark was made.

 Above the cross mark the letters, "B3" were written.

 "This is?"

 "…"

 Nanahoshi was clearly hesitating.

 Whether to say it or not to say it.

 However, in the end she said it.

 "It's a map of the locations of the ruins scattered around the world with teleport magic circles in them."

 Teleport magic circles?

 "Eh?"

 I let my eyes fall on the notebook again.

 The letters, "B3".

 Could this perhaps be.

 "It's the teleport magic circle to Begaritto Continent."

 "O well…"

 Come to think of it.

 Come to think of it, Nanahoshi did say she traveled around together with Orsted.

 If I remember correctly, they were making use of the teleport magic circles scattered across the world to travel here and there.

 "You said you didn't remember the location…"

 That's right. Nanahoshi said she couldn't remember the location of the teleport magic circles.

 "Orsted forbid me from speaking about it and that I shouldn't reveal it. That time, I said I couldn't remember it either way, so I couldn't say it anyways but…"

 But, she left a record of it in case the time ever comes up where she needs it huh.

 Secretly drawing a map in each place, or else writing the map in text.

 Casually asking Orsted the name of the land.

 Nearby towns and remembering the general location…

 It's not memory, but a record.

 I flipped through the pages of the notebook.

 It's far from perfection.

 In places where she couldn't buy a map or she couldn't even arrive in a town, she just wrote [A mountain can be seen on the left side. Most likely three days to the east, we'll cross a single river, furthermore two days.] and used that sort of writing manner.

 The alphabet shows the continent name and the number seems to show the order they're passed through.

 N is for the northern part of Central Continent.

 S is for the southern part of Central Continent.

 W is for the western part of Central Continent.

 MT is Magic Continent.

 ML is Milis Continent.

 I guess as expected there's none for Heaven Continent.

 And then, B is for Begaritto Continent.

 In places where she didn't know which Continent she was on she used the alphabet letters X and Y.

 It was a single volume showing the effort Nanahoshi put in afterwards.

 "I've certainly heard the name of the city known as Lapan. I remember it. This teleport magic circle will take you to somewhere nearby a certain Bazaar, if you move North for about a month or so, you should arrive. Therefore, it shouldn't be a mistake."

 "One month… you say…"

 I turn back to the page from just now.

 Ranoa Kingdom. It's in the forest southwest from the Magic City Sharia.

 The scaling of this map makes it hard to tell. It seems to be about 10 days or so of distance?

 It might be even closer.

 It's there, the location of the magic circle that will take you to "B3".

 I turn the page.

 "B3" is on the previous page.

 In order to get to a nearby town from the "B3" magic circle it will take about one week it seems.

 From there it will take about one month, in other words that means…

 47 days.

 Round trip would be 94 days.

 We can do a round trip in just three months.

 If we can finish things up on the other side within one month then…

 Four months.

 We'll make it.

 We'll end up making it in time.

 For Sylphy's childbirth.

 It won't make it in time for the mating season of Rinia and Pursena, but that is, well… that doesn't matter at all.

 "But, is it fine? You were forbidden from speaking about it right?"

 "I hesitated over it, but I relied on you the other day after all. Although, I'd like for you not to talk about it too much. Since teleport magic circles are a forbidden technique, if they're spread around in the world, they're something a country could easily destroy."

 If they were to be destroyed then that would mean Orsted's means of moving around would be decreased huh.

 The ones who he would be angry with are those who revealed it, which would be Nanahoshi or me for sure.

 Orsted…

 Just being reminded of that name makes me start trembling…

 I won't say it, to anyone at all.

 "Thank you, Nanahoshi. This is a big help."

 "I just want to return home faster."

 Nanahoshi said that while snorting through her nose with a [Hmph.]

 Embarrassed Tsundere.

 I took the notebook in my hand and deeply lowered my head.

 And then, turned heel and left in high spirits.

 "Ah, I forgot to say it, but on the first page there's the mark that shows the location of the ruins with the magic circle, and the method to break into the concealment magic is written down there, so make sure you properly read it."

 "Understood. I'm indebted to you."

 "I'm just repaying the debt."

 While making a bitter smile at those words from Nanahoshi, I leave the research room.

 Part 8

 And then I returned to Elinalise's place.

 I returned quickly.

 It's good news. I'm sure she'll be delighted as well.

 There's no choice other than to change our plan for the journey.

 One and a half months.

 It could be that we could even manage to bring along Cliff.

 Naturally, we'll make it back in time for Sylphy's delivery with time to spare.

 My mouth was becoming slack.

 While I continued to strike my cheeks I opened the door to Cliff's research room.

 In the next instant, something like Venus with a Renaissance feeling came jumping into my sight.

 "I'm very sorry Rudeus. As I thought I can't go!"

 Elinalise is unstable.

 With a body like a model wrapped in a blanket, it was a seductive appearance.

 Elinalise's breasts almost like the Niagara Falls and long slender symmetrical body, you would feel it was almost artistic.

 However, I didn't feel anything like art or otherwise.

 Just simply erotic thoughts came up.

 In the first place, there's no way I would understand anything about the arts.

 If I were to convert it into a figure then I would just think it's erotically cool.

 Cliff was in a corner of the research room and he had become like a Pharaoh.

 It's a mummy.

 His face is quite happy.

 This side is far more artistic I'd say.

 The Interval Between Life and Death, or some title like that seems like it would fit.

 "There's no way I can endure being separated from Cliff for two years! Even if I know it's dishonorable, I will not go!"

 Women are creatures that live based on feelings.

 Such a line floated across my mind.

 "In the first place, if Rudeus is going then there's no necessity for me to overdo it and go is there?

 There's still things hovering the background between Paul and I as well?

 I'm sure he doesn't want to show his face in front of me as well?

 If Rudeus is going, then the job of protecting my granddaughter's first childbirth will be mine as well?"

 "…"

 There was no longer even the shadow of the woman who coolly declared, [Leave things after to me and wait.]

 Quite effeminate.

 I'm sure, in the period these last few hours, she was able to go to quite the good feeling paradise.

 "I see. As a matter of fact, a method for reducing the round trip time to at shortest three months has entered my hands though…"

 "Eh!!?"

 Elinalise stopped her movement.

 "What is that?"

 After confirming that Cliff is sleeping I whispered into Elinalise's ear.

 "To tell you the truth, Nanahoshi has…"

 "Ah…my…my ears are no good, I'll feel it."

 "Listen to me seriously."

 "Cheh. It was a joke."

 I showed her Nanahoshi's notebook and explained the outline.

 And then the fact that Nanahoshi firmly forbid us from speaking about this as well.

 After Elinalise flipped through the pages of the notebook, she couldn't hide how surprised she looked.

 "In just this amount of days…"

 "That's right, if it's this, then we'll make it in time for Sylphy's childbirth."

 "…We can do it."

 One-way, one and a half months.

 It's not a long journey.

 The color in Elinalise's eyes changed.

 If it's this number of days then, it was that sort of face.

 "Well, if it's this then there's no problem. As I thought I'll go."

 It seems her mind has changed. How self-interested.

 But, well, two years would be a long time after all.

 "If it's one and a half months, then physical strength-wise we could bring along Cliff-senpai as well."

 "…No, we'll leave behind Cliff."

 "Is it fine?"

 "I'm sure Cliff, if he comes to know about the matter of the teleport magic circles, he won't be able to keep from talking about them."

 No, I don't think Cliff-senpai is that kind of person.

 I don't think so but…

 But, among my acquaintances he is the number one person to suddenly let leak something like that.

 Humu. After all, going with a large number of people would be bad.

 If the number of people that know increases, it will mean the secret just spreads that much easier.

 However since it seems to be a dilemma, I'd like to bring along someone with real ability.

 A party consisting of a few elites I'd say.

 Those I would bring along would be for example, Ruijerd right.

 There's no other person as reliable as that person.

 Since he's silent, I'm sure he'd never reveal the teleport magic circles to anyone as well.

 Otherwise Badigadi.

 If it's a guy that lives in denominations of the thousands of years, then as a matter of fact he might already know about the teleport magic circles.

 It seems like he knows about Orsted as well, I feel like it wouldn't be a problem to talk to him about it.

 Well, since I haven't seen either recently, I can't make the request of them.

 If it comes down to this, other people who we could bring along… there aren't any.

 It doesn't seem like Zanoba is very familiar with traveling after all.

 …That's right.

 We might as well just go, if there's not enough people on the other side then returning with another is still a possibility.

 Right now it's the first time we're walking down this path therefore we're cautious, but if it's a path we've taken once, then it's not all that difficult to walk it leading someone.

 It will mean talking about the matter of the teleport magic circles, but we can't change things that need to be done.

 It takes three months for a round trip, but in reverse that means in three months we can certainly bring back enough helping hands to finish it.

 "For the time being, let's go with just the two of us."

 "Let's quickly go and put an end to this, then quickly return home."

 Just like this, Elinalise's short period of hesitation cleared up.

 Part 9

 And then, finally I discussed it with Sylphy.

 In the living room of our home, I gathered together Sylphy, Aisha, and Norn.

 I started to talk.

 "I'm planning to go assist father and mother."

 Sylphy muttered in a small voice, "Eh?", and showed a color of anxiety.

 It was a confused face.

 However, she soon shook her head and nodded with a serious face.

 "Yeah, I understand. Leave things with the house to me."

 "I'm sorry that I'm not able to protect the promise that I won't suddenly disappear."

 "You're protecting it. It's not sudden at all."

 Sylphy smiled shyly.

 However, that smile, I felt like it was somewhat artificial.

 Even though she might say this or that, she's shaken as well I'm sure.

 Somewhat, it's become a feeling like running away.

 "Umm, I wonder how long it will take? About two years?"

 "No. Actually, thanks to Nanahoshi's cooperation, it's become that we can make use of teleport magic circles. Therefore, I think we'll be able to return in time for the delivery."

 I'll talk about the teleport magic circles.

 If I can't talk about them with Sylphy then who in the world could I talk to about them.

 "Eh!!"

 Sylphy was looking at me with a surprised face.

 And then, it still turned into a worried face.

 "Teleport you say, is it safe?"

 We both went through quite a bit of hardship thanks to that teleport incident.

 Those sorts of words coming out are only natural.

 "I don't know. But it seems Nanahoshi actually used them herself, so I think it will be fine."

 "Ye…Yeah."

 Sylphy was still making an uneasy face.

 I embraced her and whispered close into her ear.

 "It's alright, since I'll absolutely return home."

 "Yeah."

 "Sorry."

 "Yeah…"

 I'll leave things after to you, such things are proof of trust.

 I call out to the little sister in the maid outfit standing behind Sylphy as well.

 "Aisha."

 "Onii-chan…?"

 Aisha was making a more uneasy face than Sylphy.

 "Can I entrust things to you?"

 "It's fine…is what, I think. Since I properly learned things about a pregnant woman from Okaa-san."

 "If you feel it's no good then ask for help from someone reliable. Don't try to do everything yourself. You're excellent, but you're still inexperienced. Get an experienced adult to help you."

 "Wa, Yes."

 Aisha nodded.

 There's some uneasiness remaining, but it can't be helped.

 Things never go flawlessly.

 "Norn."

 "Yes."

 "If you feel that Aisha or Sylphy are at their limits, indirectly try to help them. It's fine even if it's just talking or listening to their complaints. If it's something about emotional suffering, then you should understand as well right?"

 "Yes! Nii-san!"

 "Also, don't neglect your studies as well."

 "Yes!"

 Somehow Norn is enthusiastic.

 It's almost to the point where I'd like to make sure she doesn't get into a fight with Aisha for being too enthusiastic.

 Well then, what else is there.

 I wonder what else I should say.

 "…That's right, should we at least decide on the name of the child before I go?"

 I do intend to return home.

 But, it's possible that the worst case may happen.

 At least it's probably best if I leave after naming it.

 I wonder what kind of name we should go with.

 Since they think the chuunibyou type is cool in this world, maybe we should go with that type.

 If it's a girl then maybe Ciel or Sion.

 …If it's a boy then maybe Nero or Wallachia.

 No-no, since it's not a game after all.

 Umm, since it's the child of Rudeus and Sylphy.

 If it's a boy then maybe Shius or Sirius?

 If it's a girl then maybe Lucy or Lulushi?

 That might be too simple.

 It might be good to ask around Paul about names in this world.

 After taking a look and the three of them were making complicated faces.

 "Na…Name you say, Rudi??"

 "Onii-chan, why are you saying something like that?"

 "Nii-san?"

 Everyone is looking at me with uneasy stares.

 There's tears starting to build up in the edges of Aisha's eyes.

 I wonder if I said something strange.

 I wonder if there's such a thing in this world that it's no good to give a child their name before they're born.

 "If you do something like give the child a name before going on a journey, you won't be able to come back??"

 Sylphy's face was full of uneasiness.

 It seems like only I don't know about the death flags of this world.

 Ah, No.

 I remember.

 Come to think of it, there was an act like that in the Legend of Pergius.

 One of Pergius's allies, "The Man of Fortune" Fire Emperor class magician, Furouzu Star, said that he might not be able to return from the battle, so he gave a name to the child before he left on the journey.

 The name he gave was the same as his own.

 Furou Junior.

 However, Furozu Star lost his life midway through the battle.

 And then, while being reminded of his own son, he was defeated by the hands of Demon King Raineru Kaizeru.

 That son, trying to succeed his great father's name, ended up growing up into a splendid magician.

 And at least that's how it goes according to the story, but in reality it's said that they became burdened.

 Because such a story is famous, giving your conceived child a name before you leave on a journey is considered taboo.

 It's not like Furozu died was because he gave his son a name, but well, it's the so called shouldering of an omen I guess.

 "…After all, would it be better not to decide on it yet?"

 "I…I wonder."

 "But, I want to participate in naming it as well… even taking into consideration the worst case…"

 "Don't say things like the worst case."

 "Sorry."

 At any rate, it's my first child.

 The sense of reality isn't all that there yet, but I want to try giving it a name.

 "[Cough]."

 Aisha tried clearing her throat.

 It seems she has some kind of plan.

 "Onii-chan. Let's do this. If the child is born we'll decide to call it Rudeus Junior, if onii-chan returns home, at that point we'll decide on a name for it. Just like that North God Kaaruman, if we make "Rudeus" into the middle name it will be fine."

 Rudeus Junior huh.

 In this world it's not all that unusual to give your son the same name as yourself.

 For example how about giving it the name Lucy, Luci…el Greyrat is what it would become I guess.

 It's not bad.

 Doing the same thing as a great man, thinking that feels strangely embarrassing though…

 It seems like a large number of people are already doing it after all.

 Hn?

 Wait, if it's a girl then, moreover if I'm unable to return home then I wonder what they'll do.

 Will she be stuck as Rudeus Junior her whole life?

 Isn't there something wrong with that name?

 If she ends up being picked on over her name and says [What's wrong with Rudeus being a woman's name!] won't she grow up into a child that shouts and hits?

 No, there's no way, it's not like she's a Mad Dog from somewhere.

 …Yeah, it's better to do it after I return.

 "I understand, let's do that. Sylphy."

 "Yes."

 "…Umm."

 I thought to say something to Sylphy, but I can't think of the words for it.

 During times like these I can only think of words that seem to give of a bad premonition.

 "Sylphy."

 I stood in front of Sylphy and placed both of my hands on her shoulders.

 "Eh…Ah."

 Sylphy sensed it and closed her eyes.

 She raised up her jaw and crossed her hands in front of her chest and was trembling.

 It's not like it's the first time, but this might be the first time that she's obeyed respectfully with this kind of feeling.

 After taking a glance at Aisha and somehow it seems like she's looking over here while leaning her body forward.

 Norn was covering her eyes with her hands and looking over here through the gaps in her fingers.

 I give a single wink [Pachitto] to the two of them.

 And then, suddenly Norn closed her fingers.

 In contrast with Aisha who returned the wink [Pachipachitto].

 She sure is playful.

 You want to see the kiss scene that much huh.

 Well, I guess it's fine at these sort of times.

 I gently kissed Sylphy.

 While listening to small "kya~" shriek from Aisha…

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
