Volume 12  3 — Natural Enemy Encounter

Volume 12 Chapter 3 - Natural Enemy Encounter

 

 Part 1

 I felt a sensation almost like suddenly waking up from sleep.

 I guess it would be the feeling of being taken aback.

 It clearly felt like my consciousness was interrupted for a moment.

 After looking next to me, Elinalise was looking over the surroundings with a face like a fox had her as well.

 "We've teleported haven't we?"

 "I wonder."

 I look at our surroundings.

 It's the same as just before, ruins made of stone.

 It really doesn't look like there are any differences.

 No, in the corner there's a bit of sand piling up.

 There's no ivy along the walls anymore as well.

 The light brown color has increased as a whole.

 It's a different place.

 We slowly and carefully leave the magic circle.

 There's nothing unusual with our bodies.

 We have our baggage.

 Elinalise and the contents haven't changed places either.

 After we left, the magic circle started up activity again and began to release a bluish-white light.

 That sure is convenient.

 From what I can see, even though it doesn't seem like a magic crystal has been established anywhere, I wonder how it works.

 I wonder if there's a crystal left deep underground.

 If it's capable of absorbing the magic power from its surroundings, then I would certainly like to know the method but…

 "And. For the time being, I'd like to ascertain if we can return."

 "That's right."

 There are magic circles for two-way teleportation, but that doesn't mean we are able to return unconditionally.

 In the case of a one-way passage, we'll have to return on foot.

 We've already managed to come here, but the return trip on foot would still be half a year.

 "Then I will…"

 "No, I'll go. I'll go for a short while and if I can't return, then go on ahead without me."

 After saying that Elinalise had me step back.

 "If the worst case happens and you end up disappearing, I'll pass on reporting that to Paul."

 "I see, then I'll leave it to you."

 Well, I don't really mind which of us does it.

 It does seem like we were teleported, but it's not certain that this is even Begaritto after all.

 "Then, I'm going."

 Elinalise jumped onto the magic circle.

 In the next instant, it was almost like the magic circle sucked her up and her figure disappeared.

 It's the first time I've seen the moment when someone was teleported.

 It gave off a feeling kind of like being swallowed up by the ground.

 I wonder if you move through the inside of the ground.

 "…"

 For the time being, I'll wait at ease.

 I have faith in Nanahoshi's story.

 Orsted claimed that it doesn't particularly require any incantation.

 There's the possibility that it might have required some kind of magic tool as well, but for the time being we've already succeeded on the teleport once.

 Then, I want to think that returning will be fine as well.

 Five minutes.

 Ten minutes.

 Fifteen minutes.

 "She's slo…O."

 After fifteen minutes Elinalise returned.

 In the moment she appeared it was like a reverse playback of the moment she disappeared.

 From the ground it seemed like she was almost exhaled out as she appeared.

 Elinalise was restlessly looking around her surroundings, after seeing my figure she nodded deeply.

 "I was able to properly return it seems."

 "In any case, you were just a bit slow though."

 "Is that so? I had intended to return immediately though."

 Is there some sort of time lag.

 Even though I say that, it's at most several minutes.

 On the one-way path only about seven minutes.

 I wonder if the time difference has some relation to it.

 Ah, come to think of it, I feel like I heard the story somewhere that there was a bit of a lag between the time when Fedoa Region disappeared and the refugees started to appear as well.

 Was the one who said it Sylphy I wonder?

 Teleporting isn't instant movement, but it might be high speed movement.

 Or else maybe it's something like Boson Jump.

 "In any case, if we're able to return then there's no problem."

 "That's right."

 If it was something dangerous, then I'm sure Orsted wouldn't use it after all.

 We should just be fine with the fact that we were able to confirm we can return.

 "Then shall we go."

 After we confirmed that we can make use of the magic circle, we went up the stairs.

 Part 2

 The moment we arrived on the first floor, I felt the temperature quickly rising.

 It was a gust of hot air.

 However, maybe because the humidity is low, but it doesn't feel all that sticky.

 I heard that the desert stretched out around the surroundings of the ruins.

 Then, I can understand this heat as well.

 The first floor was made well with stone the same as the ruins in the forest.

 If there was something you could call a difference, it would be that there's no ivy on the walls and roof, and there's sand piling up in the passage.

 There's almost enough sand that you can barely see the floor.

 And, there's a number of footprints still remaining.

 It better not be those of Orsted.

 If we end up running into him, I'll have to surrender in a dogeza.

 There were four rooms.

 I wonder if the layout of the ruins is the same.

 Inside of one of the rooms, there was a thick white mantle and a canteen deposited.

 …As I thought this should be something that belongs to Orsted I'm sure.

 "The footprints, what should we do, should we try and erase them."

 "Is it that one Orsted? I think it will be fine but…"

 But, it's scary.

 I wonder if we should leave a note or something.

 With Nanahoshi's referral, I've made usage of your teleportion magic circle. We will make sure to keep to the obligation of confidentiality, so please do not get angry. Something like that.

 …Since we don't know when he'll come, unexpectedly the probability that he doesn't find out might be high as well.

 There's the possibility that the note itself might be the snake in the bush.

 For the time being, I'll avoid going with that.

 After that, we investigated the rest of the ruins, but naturally we didn't run into Orsted.

 After investigating the rooms we went outside.

 It was hot outside.

 It wasn't warm.

 It was HOT.

 The breeze blowing across my face hurts.

 In front of my eyes was the scenery of sand dunes spreading out that I've seen a number of times in pictures in my previous life.

 It's a desert.

 However, the sun has started to set.

 I'm sure it will be night very soon.

 How did it go, was it better to walk around in the desert at night?

 Or since it's below freezing at night, was it no good to move around?

 I wonder if it's fine to apply that sort of common sense to this world as well.

 …If I remember correctly, there are many monsters in the desert that are active at night.

 Moving around in the darkness, I'm sure getting surprise attacked by monsters would be dangerous.

 "Elinalise-san, what should we do?"

 "Even if we started walking now, we wouldn't cover very much distance. It's a bit early, but let's sleep in a place with a roof."

 It became that we would be staying over night in these ruins for today.

 Part 3

 The night was an intense cold.

 I had heard that the temperature difference from the day and the night were severe, and that certainly was the case.

 It's fine right now because we're inside of the ruins, but I can't help but think about the time when we'll be camping outside.

 I wonder if it would be fine to create a shelter with earth magic and pass time there.

 Using earth magic to create an "Earth Fortress" is convenient, but if I stop supplying it with magic power it will collapse.

 However, if I tamper with it a bit, maintaining it in the shape of a Kamakura is possible.

 We could make a campfire inside of there and warm it up.

 Yeah, let's go with that.

 For today, we're laying down in sleeping bags in one of the rooms in the ruins.

 For the time being, before sleeping I poured all the magic power I could supply into Elinalise's magic tool.

 Putting my hand on the diaper and pouring magic power into it.

 It's an idiotic scene.

 Elinalise said it in passing.

 "…Rudeus, if you end up not having enough magic power, at that time put off the magic tool."

 "But, if I stop supplying this magic power, won't Elinalise-san be unable to endure it?"

 "If it comes to combat, then your magic is absolutely essential. Let's go with placing priority on that."

 The monsters on Begaritto Continent aren't as strong as the ones on Magic Continent.

 Even though I say that, there should be monsters at the same level.

 We can't let our guard down.

 "No, with just this much then it's not like my magic power will disappear after all."

 "Is that so? It's really endless isn't it…"

 "It doesn't match up to Elinalise-san's sexual desire though."

 "Ara, it's not to that degree at all."

 In the first place, if I skip out on pouring magic power into the magic tool and Elinalise becomes a sex beast then it would be terrible.

 If I'm attacked then I'm sure I won't be able to endure it.

 [Just once, it'll be fine as just a secret between the two of us.]

 [I resisted it, but I wasn't able do anything to prevent it.]

 Like that, I can make up a lot of excuses for myself after all.

 If I can't endure it, both of us might end up experiencing disaster.

 Like Elinalise getting pregnant.

 Cliff would resent me for his whole life, Sylphy would look at me with an empty look, my little sisters would scorn me.

 Yeah, if I were to lay my hands on Elinalise, I can't see anything but a bad future ahead.

 If, you end up unable to endure it, at least make do with just the mouth.

 And, that's no good.

 By the point that such thoughts as those rise to the surface, I start to accumulate it as well.

 This past week I've been clinging on to Elinalise after all.

 We haven't done anything particularly erotic, but I am young after all.

 Tonight, at the time when I'm standing guard, I need to make sure I take care of it.

 "Well, let's sleep. It seems that for a short while this desert will continue, it won't be good if we don't preserve our physical strength."

 "That's right."

 Even though it's no good if we don't preserve our physical strength, if I don't let out what needs to be let out it won't be good.

 It's painful being a man.

 Part 4

 That night.

 While we were on standby in a room of the ruins I suddenly could smell a sweet scent.

 And simultaneously I suddenly felt a throbbing.

 My heart was beating fast.

 After opening my eyes, there Elinalise was sleeping.

 While embracing her sword close she seemed unable to sleep well.

 The nape of her neck is white.

 Her hands are white and supple.

 Her face looks similar to Sylphy, but more adult-like than Sylphy.

 Her figure as well, her height is taller than Sylphy and slender.

 Especially, the line going from her waist to her hip, more than any other woman I've seen until now it was a perfectly drawn curve.

 Elinalise, if I remember correctly, she was unreasonably skille…d right…

 "Haa…haa…"

 By the time I realized it, my log had grown into a large tree.

 My head feels fuzzy.

 "Nn…"

 Elinalise twists her body.

 The blanket opened up and I could see her thighs tightly wrapped in those fur pants.

 It's a good butt.

 It makes one want to start groping it with all their strength.

 Subconsciously, I started to stretch my hand out towards her inner thighs.

 I want to touch.

 I want to touch.

 Tempted by emotion, I touch her inner thigh.

 Her legs are almost like an antelope.

 After I touched them and Elinalise let out a moan of "nn", she slightly opened her legs.

 This person, isn't she tempting me…?

 By the time I realize it, my lower half is already in a situation where it can't endure.

 It's fine. It's alright. If it's just once, just once.

 Elinalise won't refuse it.

 She'll silently accept it.

 It's no problem, just like that. 

 "Cliff…?"

 With her sleep-talk, I returned to myself.

 I crawled on all fours and left the room.

 Just like that, I left outside the ruins like I was running away from something.

 I thought I was still safe, but it seems like it's somewhat saved up.

 No good, no good.

 I can't be swept away by a moment's feelings.

 This sort of sinful fluid, it's restricted to being ejected.

 Thinking that, I sit down on top of the sand.

 And then around the time I pull down my pants.

 Suddenly, I feel a presence.

 "…Nn?"

 I wonder if it's Elinalise.

 Thinking that, I face the direction of the presence and there was a bewitching female standing there.

 Even though it's cold, she's wearing attire like a dancer.

 The cloth is thin. If you look in bright places, it might appear transparent.

 Her hair was short and the color is black I guess. The ends of her hair have some curls.

 It's hard to tell what color her skin is in this darkness.

 Just, in this darkness, it appears to shine dimly white.

 In any case, it's a good body.

 Almost like the kind you would want to hug. I'm sure this would be that case.

 It's a dynamite body.

 If I were to make the comparisons, Elinalise is like a tree branch.

 She placed her finger to her lips.

 Then she licked the tip of her finger.

 That bewitching gesture, I had my eyes stolen.

 I couldn't take my eyes off her lips.

 Just like that, she slowly walked over to my side.

 And then crouched in front of me and slowly spread her thighs.

 In that instant, the same sweet scent that I just smelled before went into my nose.

 A scent with a more overwhelming richness than just before was stimulating my nose.

 "[Gulp]…"

 I swallow my saliva.

 I felt like something was dripping from my chin.

 After wiping it and taking a look my hand was stained in deep red.

 I realized I had a nosebleed.

 "Ufufufu…"

 She extended her arms telling me to come.

 I grabbed that hand almost like falling towards her and…

 "Rudeus!"

 In the next instant, I heard a shout echo from inside the ruins.

 Simultaneously, a woman jumped out.

 In the place where the woman was, Elinalise, while holding a sword, jumped.

 Just like that, she thrust herself into the space between the woman and I.

 "Get a hold of yourself!"

 "Eh?"

 Bewilderment.

 Elinalise was standing at the ready, she charged towards the woman.

 "Ki……!"

 The woman raised a high-pitched scream and grew out strangely long nails.

 Before my eyes, her physique was changing and wings grew out of her back.

 Moving those wings, she flew into the sky.

 There she leaped to attack Elinalise.

 Ga~n!

 After, she hit the shield and with a dull metal sound let out, the woman rolled onto the ground.

 Without delay Elinalise pinned down the woman's body with her foot.

 And then, she stabbed her sword into the torso of the struggling woman.

 "Gyo……"

 The woman let out an eerie voice.

 Without negligence, Elinalise stuck her sword into the woman's body a number of times.

 After that, she stepped back taking some distance.

 For a short while, the woman moved with a twitch, but after a little while she stopped moving.

 She died.

 "Eh…"

 I watched that scene in a daze.

 Wait, what happened I don't know.

 Same as always, my lower body was ecstatic.

 Huh?

 Why?

 What happened?

 While I was in confusion, Elinalise started slapping my cheeks.

 "Get a hold of yourself, it's a Succubus!"

 "Eh? Succubus? Just now was?"

 The dead woman.

 No matter how you look it, she's a normal woman.

 Though she was growing wings like a bat from her back and her nails were abnormally long.

 Ah, after looking properly, her skin is blue.

 The parts of her face as well, if you look closely, they're a little different from a humans.

 But, it's a good body.

 Though she died.

 If she's dead, then she won't get angry if I grope them.

 There's holes on a corpse as well after all…

 "It's the first time I've seen one as well though. Just as it was said in the rumors, there's a scent strong enough to twist your nose, there's no mistake…"

 "Scent?"

 Rather I feel it's a good scent.

 I feel amazingly aroused.

 In any case,

 look at Elinalise's body.

 While her chest is on the small side, she has a beautiful face and long slender legs.

 That splendid curve around her hips.

 "Elinalise-san, you have a good body right?"

 "Wa? Wait, Rudeus. Get a hold of yourself."

 It's alright, this woman is lewd.

 If I praise her, I can do it.

 Do it. She's an easy to do girl.

 "I feel like I want to be embraced by a gentle person like Elinalise-san…"

 "I'll tell on you to Sylphy?"

 "If you don't say anything, it'll never be exposed…"

 I stand up and face Elinalise.

 Elinalise prepared her shield and drew back.

 "Ah, come to think of it, I heard that Succubi bewilder men."

 "Hey, Elinalise-san…let's do perverted things…"

 Elinalise lowered her eyebrows and sighed once.

 "Hnnn!!"

 Ga~n!

 I was hit with the shield.

 I was thrown back on top of the sand.

 My eyes are flickering.

 No, that's fine, rather than that it's Elinalise.

 If I don't violate the woman in front of my eyes right now.

 "Haa…haa…one time, it'll be fine just one time. I'll absolutely make sure to satisfy you so…"

 "Ah, geeze…Rudeus. While I count to 10, use Detoxification magic."

 "Detoxification magic? Then will you let me do it?"

 "…Quickly use it."

 Without even trying to hide my rough breathing, I say the incantation for detoxification magic.

 Starting with elementary and then moving into the incantation from intermediate.

 Suddenly my body feels lighter.

 "…Huh?"

 Suddenly my head feels refreshed.

 My lower body is a bit heavy, but the unbearable sexual desire is already gone.

 I look at Elinalise.

 Well, her figure is erotic.

 Certainly it's erotic.

 But, it's just that.

 "The scent that Succubus let out, I had heard that it has the effect of seducing men, but it sure is exceptional isn't it?"

 After letting out a sigh, Elinalise put her sword into its sheath.

 And then, crossed her arms and "fu…" took a deep breath and sighed.

 "…Fu… Good grief."

 "…"

 Just now I. What was I doing?

 The words I said a moment ago.

 …This is bad.

 "Now, let's sleep. Please take care not to let your guard down next time."

 While saying that, Elinalise returned back into the room.

 While fidgeting with my hands together, I called out to her.

 "Umm, Elinalise-san. That is, I'm sorry about just now."

 After saying that, Elinalise turned around with a suspicious face and then laughed with a grin.

 "I want to try being gently embraced by a person like Elinalise-san."

 I felt my face get hot.

 That is something the Succubus forcibly made me say!

 "Let's do perverted things?"

 "Gununu"

 What is this?

 Why is this so embarrassing?

 While Elinalise was laughing and grinning, she walked up to where I was, and patted my head with a [Ponpon].

 "I understand. Succubi are that sort of monster. It can't be helped. Of course, I will make sure not to say anything to Sylphy or Paul as well."

 "Elinalise-san!"

 Erinarise looked like a goddess.

 "But it's not good to be too trusting. Until now I've been able to handle things myself, but since the curse is gradually getting stronger. Eventually I will be unable to endure it anymore."

 "I understand. Please take good care of me at that time."

 "That's not it, at that time you need to endure it!"

 "Yes."

 After saying that, Elinalise quietly smiled.

 "Then, since I'm going to sleep, please take care of continuing to keep a lookout…also, please burn the corpse as well."

 "Understood."

 Elinalise went inside of the ruins.

 I did something bad.

 I burned the body of the Succubus and buried the bones.

 After looking from nearby, the Succubus didn't have a cute face or anything at all.

 It was a face like a bat.

 Why did I feel desire towards this kind of thing I wonder?

 When I looked at it just now I thought it had a human face though.

 If you reveal it's real nature you'll see it's true face, or something like that I guess.

 It's like a Vampire from western movies.

 Body huh, this body is no good huh.

 It had a good body though.

 Bon-kyu-bon.

 It feels kind of like having the option to attach breasts to Elinalise.

 And, no good, no good.

 In any case, that was dangerous.

 If Elinalise hadn't jumped out there, I wonder what would have happened.

 Just like that, if I took that hand…

 I might have died from having my vitality sucked out.

 Wu, nevertheless, my lower body is heavy.

 This and that as well, it's all because of that Succubus.

 If this is going to continue, I might really end up attacking Elinalise.

 Before I enter the ruins, I should make sure to take care of it.

 In any case, from now on, I need to be cautious of Succubi as well.

 Just like this, we passed our first night on Begaritto Continent.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
