Volume 12  7 — The Desert Warriors

Volume 12 Chapter 7 - The Desert Warriors

 

 Part 1

 We aim towards Lapan while escorting Garuban.

 The members are:

 Merchant Garuban.

 Escort Captain Baribadomu "Hawk-Eyes".

 Escort Karumerita the "Bone Crusher".

 Escort Tonto the "Big Blade".

 These four, and if you include me, Rudeus of the "Quagmire", and Elinalise of the "Dragon Road", that makes six of us.

 Furthermore, there's six camels, as well.

 I thought about attaching names to the camels as well, but it seems that if you run out of food in the desert, you eat the camels, so I decided not to do it.

 The first time I taste camel meat, I want to eat it deliciously without a sense of guilt after all.

 We decided to go with a formation that we arranged beforehand.

 Fundamentally, its center is Garuban, Baribadomu is the head, and the sides are covered by Karumerita and Tonto.

 Elinalise and I are stationed in the back.

 It's become a shape where the five of us surround Garuban and the camels.

 No matter what direction an attack comes from, we're positioned to follow up and prevent any damage from reaching Garuban.

 It's the Imperial Cross.

 I thought Karumerita or Tonto would be better for the rear guard, but they're taking into consideration that I'm a magician, and it ended up becoming a shape where I work in coordination with Elinalise who is familiar with me.

 "Then, let's depart."

 First we leave the Bazaar heading east.

 After moving to the east, it seems you arrive at a route almost like a main road.

 I don't really remember the name of the region very well, but if my memories are correct then it's a route which thieves come out.

 For the time being, in regards to that matter, I seek counsel with Baribadomu in charge of security.

 "The route for crossing the desert there are no known roads. Besides, we're escorting for that sake. Unexpectedly, if we're caught they might try to charge something like a passage fee after all."

 Passage fee. I wonder if there's that kind of thing as well.

 When in trouble solve it with money.

 It's nice and easy to understand.

 That's right, even thieves are humans trying to live their lives.

 If you just hand over the things they want, they won't request any more than that.

 Handing over money to guys who don't work and aren't relatives or anything is a bit of a disgustingly bad story in my opinion.

 However, this time it's not like my pockets will suffer after all, so it's no problem.

 Although, even thieves are people.

 They might want things other than money or goods.

 For example, since Elinalise is erotic they'll take her as well.

 If it comes down to that, it's a troubling story.

 The relationship between Garuban and us isn't all that strong.

 Even though it could be said that we saved his life, there's no way he would exchange his own life for ours.

 There's the possibility that we might be cut off as well.

 It might end up with just Elinalise and I fighting alone.

 "Rudeus, you're making an uneasy face, but if we have a magician of your level, then thieves aren't all that frightening."

 "Is that how it is?"

 "If it comes down to it, I'll manage to do something using seduction."

 "And then, after being taken to the hideout of the thieves, tied up with chains and one after another taking their turn…"

 "It's surprisingly gentle you know."

 "You have experience with this?"

 "The result of my youth."

 It seems like Elinalise is full of composure.

 Even though I say that, the past is the past, now is now, if something were to happen to her, I wouldn't be able to face Cliff.

 Well, if it's just several tens or so of opponents, then I think we can manage somehow or other.

 Part 2

 We started walking east through the desert.

 We were attacked by monsters many times.

 The herd that came charging at us, "Begaritto Buffalo".

 The one that came rustling along the ground, "Great Tarantula".

 The one that comes using wind magic from the sky, "Air Force Eagle".

 The ones we had already identified, "Gyro Raptor" and "Cactus Treant".

 Etc…

 But, thanks to Baribadomu discovering them at an early stage, it never turned into a large scale battle.

 Baribadomu is a warrior possessing a Demon Eye.

 It seems that's why he's called Baribadomu "Hawk-Eyes".

 Close to two meters tall, a brawny and muscular warrior.

 His age would be around 40 years old I guess.

 The wrinkles on the corners of his eyes stand out making his expression look somewhat cunning.

 His hairstyle has a peculiarity, the sides and back of his head go up to the top of it.

 He closely resembles some place's high school basketball club captain.

 It's a hairstyle that would match well if he started shouting, "It's fine so do the taping."

 His Demon Eye is the same as Ghyslaine, the "Magic Power Eye".

 It's an eye that can see the flow of magic power.

 That is generally used to search for enemies.

 "It's a monster, everyone prepare for battle."

 He predicts attacks from monsters and changes in the weather quite accurately.

 Almost like Ruijerd.

 His accuracy isn't as good as Ruijerd though, but maybe because it's something learned through experience, the speed at which he discovered enemies was relatively fast.

 "How nostalgic. Ghyslaine used to use her eye and nose to find enemies like that."

 Elinalise narrowed her eyes and said that.

 After all, if you have an ally that can search out enemies there's a vast difference in security.

 If the enemy is found then I can attack from long range.

 At first I was using rock bullet, but since it started to become a pain trying to aim, I changed to the course of using wind magic to lift them and drop them to their deaths.

 It's nice since this way is easy.

 "Using such large magic like that, will your magic power last?"

 Probably because I'm just using whatever works to defeat them, Baribadomu asked something like that.

 "If it's only one day's worth then it'll be fine."

 "I see, I get it now, you're a great sorcerer huh."

 "What's that, great sorcerer you say?"

 "It holds the meaning of magician who has mastered a great path."

 "No, it's not really something as amazing as that."

 "In any case, a magician that doesn't put up a pretense of slacking off is rare."

 Within those known as magicians, there are guys who make the decision to only use half of their entire magic power during a single day.

 There were many magicians like that in the northern part of the Central Continent as well.

 For a magician who has low physical ability, when the time comes down to it the only thing they can rely on is magic power after all.

 Naturally.

 Although, I haven't even been using half of it you know.

 Keeping magic power in reserve is common sense among magicians.

 However, it seems among the warriors of the desert who don't know magicians well it just appears lazy.

 It might be something related to his age, but it seems Baribadomu understands the meaning to why magicians preserve their magic power.

 After seeing how he wasn't surprised over the chantless casting though it doesn't seem like he's all that knowledgeable about magic itself.

 "It's good that you're not slacking off, but please think about preserving your magic power for the time when we need it. Since there's five of us after all. Just stick with monsters that are designated as out of range, alright?"

 "Understood."

 There's no real necessity to hide that fact that I have a large quantity of aggregate magic power though…

 There's no necessity to say it either.

 Even I myself don't really understand well where my limit is after all.

 Using it all I want and getting ahead of myself then making a mistake is something I don't want to do.

 Part 3

 During the night the five of us keep lookout in rotation.

 Garuban puts up a tent and sleeps there.

 Alone.

 All of the escorts are outside.

 Well, we are on sides of the employer and the employed after all, I guess it's only natural.

 I made the suggestion of creating a shelter and sleeping there, but it seems Baribadomu and the other's sense for night attacks would be dulled so it was rejected.

 It seems there's a proper reason for sleeping outside as well.

 If they're going to say something like that, then I find it difficult to sleep inside a shelter as well.

 However, Elinalise said it.

 "There's no need to let it bother you, we have our own way of doing things. Trying to get some rest is the important part."

 She makes a good point with her words.

 I decided to sleep in the shelter as well.

 Since I feel more rested that way after all.

 Well then, lookout is done in pairs of two.

 I thought it would be fine alone, but it seems having five people doing it in pairs is safer.

 Fundamentally the rotation changes based on the day.

 On the first day the ones keeping lookout were Karumerita and I.

 "Please take good care of me."

 "Yeah, don't sleep."

 "Of course."

 Even though it's called lookout, it's boring just silently doing nothing in a place with nothing.

 Which is why, I started to chat with Karumerita about stories of the world at large.

 "The other day, you saved us."

 "No, that goes for both of us."

 "You're strong, that woman as well, strong."

 Karumerita is a woman warrior.

 It seems in terms of age she's 20 years old this year.

 Karumerita the "Bone Crusher".

 Following along with that name, it seems she prefers tactics that push with power using a broadsword that's over one meter long.

 The warriors around this area all seem to prefer and use broadswords.

 Baribadomu and Tonto as well have similar looking, massive and long swords hanging at their waist.

 It seems because there's many large monsters with hard outer shells, they must have developed using ones that won't simply break.

 No matter how much ability you have, with just a trifling matter, that seems to be the case after all.

 It seems like the style is an original as well.

 "Your woman's sword is too thin. You can't defeat anything with that."

 "That isn't the case, that's a magic item imbued with magic power after all. She even managed to tear things like Griffons to pieces. Also, that person, isn't my woman. It's not that sort of relationship."

 "But, if a Succubus comes you'll embrace her, wrong?"

 "No, since I can use detoxification magic…"

 "When a Succubus comes, men serve, embrace women, it's providence of this desert."

 "Oh?"

 Karumerita triumphantly told me about the ecology of the warriors in the desert and the relationship between female warriors and Succubus on Begaritto Continent.

 There are Succubus inhabiting Begaritto Continent.

 It seems Succubus were originally a minority monster that inhabited the southwest region of Demon Continent.

 But in the war 400 years ago, Laplace mass produced them.

 In order to bring ruin to the warriors of Begaritto that were continuing their intense opposition, it seems he sent them in.

 Succubus are absurdly strong against men.

 Those pheromones can lay any man bare.

 Honestly, if one of those suddenly appeared in front of my eyes or two appear at once even I don't feel like I can win.

 Men who have been poisoned by the pheromones become the servants of the Succubus.

 The primary objective of the servant is to become a meal for the Succubus, but even for a Succubus taking back several tens of people to their nest seems to be impossible, so they just take several people and neglect the rest there.

 And then the remaining men left behind start killing each other on the spot.

 It seems after being poisoned by the pheromones surrounding men start to look like enemies.

 Exactly: "Abnormal Status: Charmed" I'd say.

 In order to cure the charmed state, you either need to use detoxification greater than intermediate or else embrace a woman, otherwise it can't be cured.

 Back then, 400 years ago in Begaritto Continent, there were almost no people who could use detoxification magic.

 As a result of that, the vast majority of male warriors were driven to extinction by the hands of the Succubi.

 If you have no partner you can embrace, then it can't be helped.

 It's a cruel world.

 At least in the end, even a Succubus is fine, I can imagine some thoughts along those lines.

 I understand, I understand those feelings very well.

 400 years after that.

 If you were to ask if the warriors of Begaritto had been destroyed, that didn't become the case.

 As a counter-measure against the Succubi, it became that the warriors would always bring along several women when they move around.

 Those women could be slaves or Magic Race prisoners, there were a variety of them it seems.

 However, for the warriors, those who can't fight were just a hindrance.

 They have no choice other than to protect them after all. They have low physical strength as well.

 The warriors thought about it.

 Straining their lacking brains.

 And then they came up with it.

 That it would be fine if they just bring female warriors.

 It's certainly a logical way of thinking about it.

 Even though I say that, just like this, the "Female Warrior" system of Begaritto was created.

 In the current escorting parties, there's always at least one female warrior with them.

 Female warriors who fight during the times when the Succubi come out and after fighting they are embraced by the men.

 Depending on the situation, the more women you have the better as well.

 In that way, during the times when Succubi appear, it's safer after all.

 On the Begaritto Continent, women are living things that fight.

 Karumerita as well is one among those female warriors.

 During the time when a Succubus appears, she will become the partner for her male allies.

 Of course, if she keeps doing something like that, then she'll quickly get pregnant.

 However, for the female warriors that's an honor and then it seems they return to their village while pregnant.

 After they give birth they leave the child to their village and then start marching around the Continent as warriors again.

 It seems Karumerita has already given birth to one child as well.

 All of the children born are raised together in the village.

 Without relation to who gave birth to the child or whose child they belong to.

 Among them it seems there're even children of different races mixed together, but there's no discrimination.

 Without exception, they receive training as warriors. Around the time when men are skilled and the women have their first menstruation, they perform the ceremony of adulthood and leave for the outside.

 And then they travel as warriors outside of the village, after their bodies start to decline around thirty years old, it seems they obtain the right to return to the village and devote themselves to raising the children.

 Just, it seems there are those like Baribadomu who decide to never return to their village and live until they die as warriors as well.

 Naturally as it is, there's no such system as marriage.

 I'm sure there're no special feelings held towards any specific individual when they're embraced as well.

 I'm experiencing a bit of culture shock.

 In my previous world as well, I had heard stories of similar tribes.

 However, when they're actually in front of your eyes, how do I put it, it goes beyond just being erotic and gives off a moving impression.

 And while I was thinking that,

 "You, feel grateful towards, but hate magicians, if Succubus comes out, ask white woman."

 And I was turned down.

 No, well, since I can use detoxification I wouldn't be asking though.

 Part 4

 Tonto the "Big Blade" is a silent man.

 Tonto has a large beard, he's a man of about thirty years old.

 Underneath his dark skin he has burly muscles built up.

 He's shorter than Baribadomu, but he has similar looks.

 If it weren't for the difference in how he wears his beard from Baribadomu, unexpectedly you might not be able to make the distinction between them.

 People of a different race are hard to make distinctions between.

 During the time we were keeping lookout I did talk to him a bit, but it seems he's fundamentally the type to not speak on his own.

 It's quite the contrast from Karumerita who talks without even being asked.

 It's fine since there's nothing in particular I really want to talk about though.

 However, I casually start conversation.

 "Tonto the "Long Sword" is cool, isn't it?"

 "Baba-sama gave it to me."

 "Oh~. So it's not like you just naturally started to get called that."

 "All of the names of warriors of the desert are given by Baba-sama."

 It seems that the village chief gives the warriors of the desert their second name at the time when they leave for their journey.

 One like Karumerita who has excellent physical strength, gets a name like "Mighty Strength" or "Bone Crusher", those who have good eyes like Baribadomu get names like "Hawk-Eyes" or "Eagle-Eyes".

 It seems to be based on their state, in order to understand what their strong points are supposedly.

 Just, because of that method of deciding, it seems they've suffered unexpectedly.

 Supposedly there are people who can do nothing but boast of their physical strength.

 Tonto is called "Big Blade", but it's not like he emphasizes use of a huge sword.

 This is of the physical strength type as well.

 I'm sure without a doubt there's a name like, "Two Swords Unnecessary" as well.

 "I started to get naturally called that while I was fighting. Since I used nothing but quagmires to fight."

 "A bog of mud, I've never seen it once yet."

 "It has bad affinity with the monsters around here."

 If it's against opponents that crawl across the ground then the quagmire has a tremendous effect, but if it's like a Griffin or Succubus, which can fly through the sky, then the effect is reduced by half.

 For the insect like ones which are slow but have hard outer shells as well, even if you can stop their legs doesn't mean it will go well.

 In the first place, recently it hasn't even been able to slow them down.

 "Your magic is showy and amusing, I want to see your specialty as well."

 "Quagmires are plain though. If there's opportunity I'll show you."

 After that, Tonto remained silent.

 It was like we talked about everything that was necessary.

 Part 5

 While we were moving east, there was gradually more green coming out.

 Even more moving towards the east and there was a town called Kinkara and it seems spreading out even further to the east from there is a dense forest area.

 For a dense forest area to be right next to the desert, what a strange continent.

 Although, the Garuban party wasn't planning to move towards there.

 On the way, we encountered something like a large rock standing vertical as the landmark and then changed course to the north.

 Around the time three days had passed since we changed courses, we ran into the main road.

 Even if we were to call it a main road, it's not like there's any particular maintenance done to it.

 It's a path that became a path because a lot of people walked along it.

 If I were to compare it to the sand like ground until now and it's a lot more solid to step on, it truly gives off a feeling of stability.

 As I thought, it's better for the ground to be solid.

 "Sir. From here on out, the thieves come out. I think we can do something about it, but if the time comes down it…"

 "I'm paying you money, make sure you protect at least the luggage!"

 "…Will do."

 Baribadomu was probably trying to say that if the time came to it, we should throw away the cargo and run.

 However, in regards to Garuban, it seems the cargo is more important than his life.

 Sense of values are various among people.

 "Ani? Is it alright?"

 "Bon kura, it's fine for you not to worry about anything."

 Karumerita is called "bon kura" by Baribadomu and Tonto.

 Since she's Bone Crusher it's bon kura.

 It's truly an easy to understand nickname.

 No, insult maybe?

 If I were to say it, it seems like I'd be hit.

 "Quagmire and Dragon Road. You two remain by Garuban-san's side without getting separated. Tonto, you look after the camels. Don't let even one escape. The rear guard is you, bon kura. I'll proceed forward while scouting things out. If something happens, I'll shout out. Don't miss the signal."

 "Eh? Ani?"

 "Eh?"

 "Understood."

 After each of us had been signaled we created the formation and carefully advanced.

 Even if we were to call them thieves, fundamentally they're the ambushing type, if you discover them ahead of time and take a detour you can avoid them.

 Part 6

 As a result of Baribadomu's reconnaissance, we caught onto the fact that thieves were waiting to ambush us.

 Somehow, it seems difficult to discover a group of people using demon eyes from a distance, so there's a necessity to properly scout things out.

 We made a large detour around the ambush.

 If a pile of sheet was waiting in the middle of the road, there are few guys who would walk right over it.

 In order to avoid the chance of stepping in it, they walk a bit separated from it.

 It's only natural.

 However, I wonder what went wrong.

 It could be that Baribadomu was discovered when he went to scout and then he was followed back.

 Or maybe it could be that the ones Baribadomu found was an advance party for the thieves and the main body of the thieves was on standby on the detour route.

 We were attacked.

 Part 7

 Taking the detour route and just around the time we were letting out a sigh of relief.

 Hyu!!

 Suddenly, we heard the sound of something cutting through the wind.

 In the next instant, an arrow was stuck in Tonto's chest.

 Tonto crumbled down to his knees.

 I didn't have any idea what was happening, I was about to rush over and use healing magic in a panic.

 However, in the next instant Elinalise grabbed onto the nape of my neck.

 Simultaneously, the camel on the side of Tonto suddenly had an arrow fly into it.

 "Run! It's an attack! They're coming from the west!"

 Baribadomu's shout.

 With that I understood it.

 It's an enemy attack, it won't be good if we can't run away.

 Elinalise released me.

 Garuban and the camels had already started to run away.

 Following along with that I started to run as well.

 From above the hill on my left side a horse-rider came running out.

 Horse-rider.

 Right, it's a horse.

 Men on top of horses wearing sand colored turbans came towards us.

 "Sir! Abandon the camels! If you throw away the cargo they might overlook us!"

 "No way!"

 "Do you want to die!"

 "It's you all's job to protect the cargo!"

 "There's way too many opponents!"

 Baribadomu and Garuban's shouting.

 In front of my eyes the camel that just got struck by an arrow had its legs get tangled up.

 After looking, I noticed bubbles coming from its mouth.

 After a few more steps to the side, it fell over.

 I shuddered.

 There's poison on the arrows.

 "Cheh… They're behind us as well."

 From behind us there were horse-riders coming at us as well.

 The troops with bows were on top of the hills.

 They have arrows fixed to the bows.

 Most of them aren't reaching, but it seems several of them are shooting in abandonment.

 Bit by bit they're reaching up until here.

 Horse-riders and bows.

 Just from what I can see, there's a tremendous number.

 100, no, there's probably 200.

 I was being deceived by my preconceived notion from hearing the word thieves.

 This is already the size of an army.

 "…"

 While listening to the sound of my heart beat, I was trying to determine the situation.

 The enemy is launching a surprise attack from the rear and side.

 At least there are no enemies in the direction we're advancing.

 If we're going to run then it's that way.

 "Rudeus!"

 "Yes. I'm going to use [Quagmire] and [Dense Fog]."

 "…I understand, I'll leave it to you!"

 While I turned around I launched quagmire.

 As large as I possibly could make it.

 The depth should be plenty as along as the horses legs get trapped in it.

 "Baribadomu-san! I'm going to create a cover! Please run straight ahead!"

 "Cover!? I understand!"

 "[Deep Mist]!"

 I made an outbreak of water vapor appear in mid-air and created a thick fog.

 [Puff puff] almost like smoke the surroundings turned pure white.

 In no time at all the surroundings had become pure white and nothing could be seen at all.

 Alright, with this the bow troops shouldn't be able to aim at us.

 [Thunk]…

 In the instant accompanying a sound, an arrow was stabbed into the ground at my feet.

 "Uooh!!"

 "??!"

 Just as I was about to fall backwards in panic, Elinalise supported me.

 "It's alright, there was one skilled among them, but they can't aim anymore!"

 I ruminated over those words.

 Tonto and the camel were killed by a single person's hands I guess.

 However, since I released the fog…

 He can't see anymore.

 "Start running!"

 I was told and start running.

 After that, it wasn't like we weren't aimed for.

 I know. They can't aim.

 They can't hit, they can't hit. I'm a war hero.

 Ah, sheet, it would have been good if I gotten some sort of amulet from Sylphy!

 No- if I had brought that which is in the holy shrine, from my first time with Sylphy.

 "No good, they're going to catch up! Karumerita! Draw your sword!"

 I shuddered after hearing Baribadomu's words.

 If I listen closely, I could hear the sound of horses running from behind.

 It seems there are horse-riders who took a detour around the quagmire.

 Even though it's inside of the fog, if they just run straight ahead it's no problem.

 The opponents are horses.

 Know your own disadvantages, there are such words out there as well, but there are the words that speed decides the battle as well.

 It seems there are a considerable number of horse-riders making use of speed and momentum.

 Just from what I can see, there's over 100.

 How many managed to pass it. Fifty, sixty?

 There's no way we can fight that from the front.

 "I'm going to slow them down! Please keep running! [Earth wall]!"

 I made a 20 meter long thick earth wall appear behind us while continuing to run.

 You can't make sudden stops on horses.

 If it's inside of this fog, then the wall should become a hindrance.

 If they know there's a wall, their speed should slacken.

 "Haa… Haa…"

 The arrows have already stopped.

 I just continue to run.

 While sometimes creating walls behind us, running.

 Suddenly, I remembered about Tonto who had an arrow stuck in his chest.

 I wonder if we just left him behind.

 No, there was already no saving him.

 The arrow was near his heart.

 It had poison on it as well.

 Even with advanced healing, if it's a poison arrow in the heart I don't know if we would be able to save him.

 In the first place, at this point there's already nothing we can do about it.

 We continue to run on at full speed while inside of the fog.

 Part 8

 I wonder how far we've been running.

 I feel like we've been running for over two hours.

 After Baribadomu confirmed things behind us and said, "It seems we've lost them", everyone came to a stop.

 "Haa… Haa…"

 As expected, I'm tired.

 I'm soaked in sweat.

 But, the results from continuing to run have showed up.

 If I were told to run again, I can still run.

 Even though I say that, the three warrior types were making refreshed faces.

 Is it because of the Touki?

 How unfair.

 "Zehaa… Zehaa… Gwe…"

 Garuban collapsed with a pale face.

 No matter how much you say he's a merchant used to travelling, if he has to run it will tire him out.

 He was relieved.

 The damage was one camel and one escort.

 Tonto.

 I feel like if I had immediately pulled the arrow out and used healing magic then detoxification he might have been saved.

 It could be that that he skillfully avoided letting it hit a vital spot.

 In reality, if Elinalise hadn't pulled on the nape of my neck, I'm sure that I would have tried to do that.

 However, if I had done that, I might have been late to run away.

 Elinalise has more experience with things like this than me it seems.

 Most likely, if I had spent time there treating him, I probably would have been in danger.

 "…"

 After suddenly looking and Karumerita was glaring at me.

 I wonder what it is.

 Did I do something wrong I wonder.

 Karumerita was behind me, she was in charge of the rear guard.

 In the case that she's wounded, I'm sure it would be better to treat it.

 It doesn't seem like she got hit by an arrow though…

 Karumerita determinedly walked up to my side.

 Suddenly she grabbed onto my collar.

 "You! If you can use such large magic like that, then you could have done in something like thieves right!!"

 "Huh?"

 Done in?

 Those numbers?

 After being told it I realized.

 That's right. There was the option to kill them as well.

 "Stop it bon kura!"

 "Ani? You saw it as well right! The horses sunk into a bog, they ran into a wall as well, it became that pure white!"

 "Think about it more properly! That's why you're a bon kura!"

 "Shut up! This guy, if he had used magic, we might have been able to save Tonto!"

 "There's no way we could have defeated those numbers! That was, most likely, the Harimafu Thief Group. Without a doubt there were more lying in wait, you know!"

 "But… ah!!"

 Elinalise cut into the space between Karumerita and I.

 She pressed against Karumerita with her buckler and put her hand on the estoc at her waist.

 "Do you have any complaints with our methods?"

 "What's going on…?"

 Elinalise let out a single "Hmph" with her nose and glared at Karumerita.

 "Rudeus was properly making judgement based on the situation. Without knowing how many opponents there are, the number was many. Not to mention the enemies were using poisoned arrows. Slowing them down with a quagmire, sealing off the bows with fog, and creating walls to obstruct them. And thanks to that we were able to escape. One person was killed, but all of the camels except one are safe. What are you dissatisfied with? Fighting like an idiot, did you want to fight losing both your life and your luggage?"

 Elinalise defended me like that.

 Her words weren't being understood.

 However, it seems Elinalise realized what Karumerita wanted to say.

 Unusual for Elinalise, she used a provocative way of saying it.

 There were a large number of enemies.

 100 or 200 maybe.

 According to what Baribadomu said, there might have been more waiting as rear guard.

 If you were to ask if I could defeat that.

 I don't know.

 Only if I were to use saint class magic.

 Then it should be possible.

 I have the magic power. Most likely I wouldn't run out.

 While stopping their feet with a quagmire, using magic to do away with the bow troops at a distance, using a squall to blow away the horse-riders from below, using fire to burn them to death.

 I could have done something like that.

 In theory that is.

 In reality I don't know what would have happened.

 There was the possibility that the bow troops that I failed to kill might have shot me with a poisoned arrow, or the horse-riders that I couldn't completely stop could have trampled me as well.

 Among the opponents' attack methods as well, there might have been some assumption for if anything ever happens with magicians.

 Also, if it had become a melee, I couldn't use large scale magic since my allies would have gotten dragged into it.

 And then, I'm sure Elinalise understood that as well.

 That's why she's my ally.

 "In the first place, we aren't mercenaries you know? We have no obligation to fight against that kind of large military force."

 "…"

 "What is it, those eyes? Do you want to go at it with me? You sure are a hot-blooded young girl, aren't you? I'll take you on."

 Elinalise took out her estoc.

 Seeing that, Karumerita panicked and took out the broadsword from her waist.

 And, there Baribadomu cut in between them.

 "Hey bon kura, stop. Elinalise, you as well, Quagmire as well. It was unfortunate about Tonto, but there was nothing wrong with Quagmire's decision. The only one thinking about something idiotic like fighting in that place is you, bon kura. That's exactly why you're always going to be a bon kura."

 "…It's already fine."

 Karumerita withdrew while making a "Hmph" with her rough breathing.

 And then, she went over to the side of one of the camels sitting down and sat down burying her face into her knees.

 Seeing that state of hers Baribadomu let out a sigh.

 "Sorry about that, both of you."

 "No…"

 "You know Karumerita, she gave birth to a child from Tonto before."

 "Huh?"

 "Therefore well, try to understand. For her, it's just striking out."

 She gave birth to his child.

 That's why she got that angry I guess.

 I thought that the female warriors of the desert would by no means hold any sort of special feelings personally towards a man.

 But I guess that isn't the case.

 After all, if it's a partner who you've given birth to their child, they're special.

 After receiving a bit of a shock Elinalise rested her estoc in the sheath and approached me.

 "Rudeus. There's no need to feel down about it."

 "…Haa"

 "Among the adventurers as well, it's rare but there are people who can't kill others. Not to mention you're a person that is soon to be a father. I can understand why you would hesitate to kill as well."

 There was a bit of a gap from what she said.

 It's because she can't understand the conversation.

 Honestly, I wasn't hesitating.

 Even in that kind of situation where we were cornered, the option of words like kill never even floated through my mind.

 Although, inside of that deep fog, there were most likely thieves who ran straight into the walls I created and died I'm sure.

 I don't really feel any particular kind of guilt in regards to that though.

 If it comes down to using magic and directly killing people somehow I can't help but feeling strangely sick to my stomach.

 …I am nothing but a small fry and I feel a bit deplorable.

 "Thank you very much."

 I honestly lowered my head towards Elinalise who was trying to comfort me.

 Thinking about it, in the middle of running away, she was always running besides me.

 When I almost fell over she supported me as well, I get the feeling she was in a position to shield me from arrows.

 She was always supporting me.

 It could be that she had intended to be "my" escort.

 "Geez, there's no need for thanks. It's only natural to protect my grandchildren."

 Elinalise patted my shoulder with a [Pon Pon].

 Grandchild huh…

 By the time we're able to return I wonder if Sylphy's stomach will be large enough to stand out.

 It's my child and Elinalise's great-grandchild.

 In her regards, during the birth of her great-grandchild she probably doesn't want to receive the blame from Sylphy, "Why didn't you protect Rudi!?"

 Together with Sylphy and together with me.

 She should want to celebrate the birth of a new life with a smile.

 "…Umm, Elinalise-san."

 "What is it?"

 "Thank you very much."

 I said my thanks once more.

 This time with my heart in it.

 Elinalise as well, patted my shoulder once more.

 Part 9

 With just a bit of awkwardness continuing.

 The journey continued.

 Even though one of his allies had died, Baribadomu was calm.

 He remade the formation like nothing happened at all.

 Baribadomu didn't say anything in regards to Tonto.

 Without lamenting over his death, he just indifferently continued the job as an escort.

 Baribadomu never once even put the name of Tonto into words.

 It's heartless, there's such a part that I feel as well.

 But, I'm sure that this is that sort of place.

 And then they are that sort of family.

 Living next door to death, where any misstep can kill you.

 Thinking about it, I have the feeling it was kind of like that on Magic Continent as well.

 The sense of valuing life is just a bit too different for me.

 Several days later, we arrived at an Oasis that works as a relay point.

 Just like the Bazaar we saw at first, it was almost like a market had been made surrounded by a lake.

 The first time I saw I didn't stop to consider it, but all of the groups wearing warrior-like outfits certainly have at least one woman with them.

 I wonder if all of them are warriors of the desert as well.

 Garuban and the others opened up a tent in a certain section.

 During the time you're in the Oasis, it seems the escorts are allowed to sleep inside the tent as well.

 "Baribadomu, is there a necessity to hire additional escorts?"

 "No, I'm sure there's no need. Those two are more useful than the average warrior. Going until Lapan with these numbers and hiring more there would be more profitable I'm sure. Since there's no more thieves as well after all."

 "I see, then let's go with that. Nevertheless, losing a camel is painful."

 "It can't be helped. It's good fortune to get out of that situation losing just one camel."

 Baribadomu and Garuban's conversation was friendly.

 Almost to the point where you wouldn't think they have an employment relationship.

 "What is it, Rudeus? Is there something on my face?"

 While I was looking at Garuban and I was asked something like that.

 "No, I was just thinking that you and Baribadomu-san are considerably close."

 "I've been close to that guy since the time when I was still a beginner. He's the only companion that I can trust."

 I see now.

 Unexpectedly, Baribadomu as well, rather than the same warrior of the desert Tonto, he might feel a stronger sense of camaraderie with the merchant Garuban.

 In regards to the Escort Captain Baribadomu, his own subordinates are people that he can replace…

 Maybe he's started to think that way after witnessing so many subordinates die.

 Part 10

 After replenishing our supplies at the bazaar, we continue even further north.

 After that, Karumerita never charged at me.

 She as well, might have just gotten lost in that moment.

 Although there was never any need for us to get along together.

 Thereafter we never held any conversations during our guard shifts.

 Well our relationship is only up until Lapan, so I won't be bothered over it.

 If the father of the child you gave birth to died, of course it's heart-breaking.

 Thinking about it from my standpoint.

 If Sylphy were to die.

 Well, naturally it would be heart-breaking.

 Not just because she's carrying my child, I love her too.

 If it were down to her dying, that is… heart-breaking.

 "…Regret, huh?"

 It seems if I come to Begaritto Continent I'll regret it.

 Not much time has passed since I decided to journey with Elinalise to Begaritto Continent and learned about the teleport ruins from Nanahoshi.

 In terms of time it's not all that different.

 Therefore, I think that regret should still be the same thing.

 If I were to assume that it's the same thing, it's hard to think that something will happen to those remaining at the school.

 If I ignored the previous advice and I started to go towards Begaritto Continent first, I wouldn't have met with Sylphy and wouldn't have become acquaintances with the other guys as well.

 I couldn't have regretted what I didn't know.

 However, it could be that it's a different regret this time.

 It may not be something that is going to happen on Paul's side, but something back home.

 For example, if the condition of Sylphy's pregnancy gets bad…

 "Rudeus, did something happen?"

 "No…"

 It's needless anxiety.

 Something like a source of regret can be found anywhere.

 For a careless guy like me, no matter what I do I'll have at least one regret.

 From here on out…

 I don't know what might happen.

 It's the first time I've opposed the Hitogami's advice head on.

 Up until now, it always turned into a good result if I obeyed them.

 Then, this time, no matter what I do I wonder if it will be no good.

 No.

 That shouldn't be the case.

 If I know that something bad is going to happen, it should be possible to avoid that.

 Even though I say that, it's not limited to something happening to someone nearby like Tonto.

 I can't let my guard down.

 I need to think like that.

 And then.

 If at that time the one who is trying to harm my family is a person then…

 This time I will…

 …No, I'll stop there.

 After all, it's just talk.

 I can't kill a person.

 If it comes down to it, at least I'll protect my family in exchange for my own body.

 Let's go with that.

 ---

 Two weeks after that.

 We arrived at the Labyrinth City Lapan.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
