Volume 12  8 — Arrival

Volume 12 Chapter 8 - Arrival

 

 Part 1

 Labyrinth City Lapan.

 That city is built within a mysterious cage-like material you can't find anywhere else.

 Within the vast desert, there's an enormous white cage.

 Just as you're thinking [What is it?] and approach that cage to look, of all things it is bone.

 It's the bones of an enormous Behemoth.

 Lapan is a city that was built within an enormous rib cage which could easily contain an average sized city.

 This place that was once nothing but a small oasis was altered by the remains of that Behemoth.

 An astonishingly large number of labyrinths appeared and a great number of adventurers became fascinated by that land.

 Adventurers from throughout the world visit this land in order to get rich quick in Lapan, giving birth to a great number of deeply moving dramas and tragedies.

 In such a whirlpool of chaos, this city is now the prominent metropolis of Begaritto.

 Adventurer Bloody Count, Excerpt from book "Walking the World".

 Part 2

 A vague recollection of my knowledge from "Walking the World".

 Lapan is a large city.

 Within the center of those characteristic-like 12 white pillars an earth-colored townscape was spreading out.

 The buildings are made of earth and materials harvested from monsters.

 Townscapes with this kind of ambiance I often saw on the Magic Continent.

 Since there's an insufficient amount of wood after all.

 Nevertheless, unexpectedly there's a lot of green as well.

 I wonder if it's because of the oasis next to the bone pillars.

 Even from a distance, I could see trees like Palm trees standing there.

 The atmosphere is peculiar.

 How do I put it, the scent of sweat or the scent of vulgarity?

 It's a scent of people similar to the slave market.

 "Are you surprised? Those pillars are the rib cage of a Behemoth."

 While observing as we walked, Garuban triumphantly started to tell the story.

 It's a problem of formation and recently here Garuban has started up conversations often.

 Garuban really likes to boast about stories.

 Whether lie or truth "I'm amazing" stories are stories that you can enjoy just listening to like that.

 "Once at the time when that great hero North God Kaaruman the Second visited this land, together with his allies he exterminated a Great Behemoth that was raging about in this desert. The Behemoth's meat was eaten or rotted, and now it's all gone without a trace, but just the bones continued to remain until now without rotting like that."

 "Oh~"

 I wonder if this is a land related to North God Kaaruman.

 I know of several legends of that North God, but it's my first time hearing one about defeating a Behemoth.

 On our journey, I saw a Behemoth once, but trying to defeat something like that isn't something a sane person would try.

 I wonder how he managed to defeat it.

 Well, it seems the North God managed to defeat things like the Immortal Demon King and an enormous Dragon. It might have been his hobby to defeat those kinds of monsters with high HP.

 "The reason there's a large number of labyrinths is because mixed in among the monsters that ate the Behemoth there were ant types. If you eat the flesh of a powerful monster, then a powerful monster will be born. The new variation of ants dug up a large number of nest holes and all of those ended up changing into labyrinths."

 "I see now."

 The Behemoth died.

 There the insects ate.

 The insects then multiplied and created nests.

 After a long period of time passed the insects died, their nests changed, it's that sort of cause.

 Incidentally, if you eat the flesh of a strong monster a strong monster will be born.

 That is folklore.

 It has about as much credibility as gaining immortality from eating the flesh of a mermaid.

 If a strong monster could be born like that, then it wouldn't be strange for the people of the Magic Continent who eat the meat of monsters on a daily basis to be stronger.

 It doesn't seem to be an ability of monsters to change after eating the meat of monsters either after all.

 No wait just a second.

 How about the theory that it raises the probability of those like Badigadi and Kishirika to be born.

 It seems in the first place monsters are a mutation of normal living things, it wouldn't be strange for mutations to occur among people as well.

 This is bad.

 I've eaten a considerable amount of meat from monsters after all.

 What should I do, if the moment Sylphy and my child is born it suddenly shouts something like, "This one is Demon World Great Emperor!"

 I might end up feeling like a shrike entrusted with the eggs of a cuckoo.

 "Adventurers and merchants throughout the world come to gather in this land."

 The magic items were found one after another.

 The equipment and magic tools flew off the shelves.

 Magic stones. No matter how many you have, it's never enough.

 Just by bringing goods, you can reliably sell them off at a high price.

 In regards to merchants, it seems to be that kind of land of dreams.

 Although, in order to come here, you need the knowledge and some other stuff to walk across the desert.

 Therefore it's a business where only skilled merchants can succeed, supposedly.

 If you go to Central Continent, I'm sure you would be able to find any number of safer and more profitable businesses.

 The frog inside of the well.

 The grain of rice in the rice bowl.

 Even though I say that, since Garuban is drunk on himself, I don't intend to pour water over that.

 It's because there are merchants like these that the economy actually moves.

 Part 3

 We arrived in Lapan and separated from Garuban and the others.

 It seems they planned to setup a tent at the edge of the town.

 It was a short time, but I feel like I was taught various things by them.

 "Thank you very much."

 "It goes for both of us. If anything happens again, feel free to call for us."

 Our separation went all too quickly.

 It was a short period, but we ended up being of assistance I guess.

 I was going to bow to Baribadomu and Karumerita, but I stopped.

 It's a bit awkward, but I don't want to leave anything lingering in the background.

 ---

 Now then, it won't be good if we don't search for Gisu.

 Or else Paul I guess.

 I'll be running around looking for them without any clues though.

 They're here right?

 We still have time before the sun sets.

 Normally finding an inn would be the first thing, but should we put priority on searching?

 "What should we do?"

 "That's right. In a city of this size then there should be an adventurers guild as well, let's try going there."

 "I understand."

 I wanted to leave behind our baggage first though.

 Well it's fine.

 If possible, I'd like to stay at the same inn as Gisu or Paul after all.

 We asked a person walking down the road the location of the adventurer’s guild.

 It seems to be in the vicinity of the center of the city.

 Those guilds are generally in the center.

 The people walking down the road were mostly merchants.

 The merchants were generally wearing the same outfits as Garuban.

 A turban, a gown that seems to completely conceal the body excluding the head. A scruffy beard.

 Guys with that sort of appearance are walking around leading camels or stallholders standing under tents on the roadside.

 There's many people who properly keep their skin concealed around here.

 Just, among them there are guys with an appearance like Aladdin as well.

 It's almost like you'd expect a general store, metallic lamp, or pots with strange patterns and such to be sold.

 It's exactly an Arabian kind of feeling.

 Most likely if you blow into a recorder, a red snake will come on in the shape of a Kamon.

 The closer we got to the adventurers guild, the more we saw the familiar forms of adventurers.

 I wonder if there are many people originally from Central Continent around here.

 Just, all of them have the faces of veterans.

 Most likely they all specialize in labyrinth exploration and are S rank.

 There are many guys lightly dressed.

 It seems it's dangerous if you stay outside in the strong sunlight without wearing thick clothes, but since they aren't spending a long period outside it's no problem.

 Part 4

 The adventurers guild was something constructed out of a single large rock.

 Most likely, it's something created with magic.

 Since I can make something similar to it, I quickly understood.

 Although the workmanship was better than the ones I make.

 The entrance had an elaborate relief carved into it, when you go inside the ventilation is good, it was pleasantly cool and refreshing.

 The atmosphere inside of the adventurer's guild is generally the same everywhere.

 However, because of this location, the figures of newbies can't be seen.

 Everyone looks strong.

 The guys with wounds on their faces or bodies stand out.

 I'm sure, there are many who have wounds on their legs.

 It's not like the only difference is that I was sponging off my parents.

 "Well then, let's try asking around about Paul or Gisu."

 "That's right. I'm sure if we ask we'll know."

 "Gisu gets his information from these sorts of places as well. After we just say his name, I'm sure he'll locate us from his side… and, it seems there's no necessity for that."

 Elinalise's words.

 After following her gaze, in the corner of the adventurer’s guild, there was a man with a monkey face.

 It seems he was talking about something with a Beast race swordsman.

 "Hey, I'm begging you. You were helped out a good bit by that guy as well right."

 "Impossible things are impossible."

 "Compromise on that point, can't you do something? Every moment counts."

 "It's already been a month right? They're dead."

 "No, they're definitely not dead. Even then we need people to confirm if there's a corpse. Hey, I'm begging. I'm begging based on the anticipation of seeing your skill with the sword. If you want, we can even give double the reward as well."

 It was a considerably frantic expression.

 Gisu, you can make that sort of face, can't you?

 "Sorry, but ask someone else, I don't want to die yet."

 It seems like for a short while Gisu was trying to request something of the Beast Race swordsman, but soon the beast race swordsman shook his head and Gisu clicked his tongue loud enough that we could hear it over here.

 "Cheh… You damn coward! It's amazing you managed to get along as an adventurer like that!"

 "…Hmph, say whatever you want."

 The Beast Race man didn't even turn around for Gisu's insults and left the building.

 How unusual for Gisu to use that kind of abusive language.

 No, it's not like I know all that much about Gisu either.

 The Gisu in my heart gives off more an aloof feeling.

 "Gisu, he seems to be considerably desperate doesn't he."

 "Oh, Gisu is generally like that."

 "Is that so? My image of him is more like…”

 "I'm sure, in front of Rudeus he's putting on a good face, right…? Gisu!"

 Gisu was restlessly looking around his surroundings.

 After he found us, Gisu opened his eyes wide.

 He walked over to where we were unsteadily.

 "O… Oh! If it isn't Elinalise!"

 "We're late, aren't we?"

 After Elinalise said that, Gisu laughed nihilistically.

 "There's no~ way… that's the case… rather, to the point, that it's way too fast."

 Gisu's face turned into a smile and he patted Elinalise's shoulder with a [Bashibashi].

 "Rather, hey~, how fast were you coming, huh… the time I sent the letter out was still only half a year ago, you know? Ah, could it be? You haven't seen the letter? Did you pass by and miss it?"

 "We'll talk about that later. What happened on this side with Zenith?"

 After Elinalise asked, Gisu's face turned into a frown.

 "It's not good. We thought it would become a long fight and sent the letter out to you guys as well but…Honestly… you know. Well, this side as well, we can talk about it in detail later."

 It seems the situation is bad.

 However, that is something we predicted.

 By the time we arrive, it would already be resolved; such an optimistic thought has disappeared.

 "For the time being, please guide us to where dad is."

 After Gisu took a look at me his eyes went round.

 And then he scratched the area below his nose.

 "O… Oh… What's this, it's senpai, right? You've gotten considerably big."

 "It doesn't seem like Gisu-san has changed."

 "Heh…Stop that, it's ticklish. Newbie is fine I said."

 Ah, how nostalgic, this exchange.

 "Oh my, you seem to have a considerably good relationship."

 Elinalise said it as if she was amused.

 After hearing that, Gisu smiled with a broad grin.

 "Well yeah, it's a relationship where we entered the same prison together after all, right senpai?"

 "That's right, how nostalgic."

 Thrown into prison nude in the Dorudia race village.

 Really, how nostalgic.

 "Ah, here's no good. I'll guide you to Paul's place."

 While saying that, Gisu nihilistically laughed and left the adventurer’s guild.

 Part 5

 The place Paul and the others were staying at was an inn in a certain corner of the city.

 It was constructed of earth and stone.

 If I were to go by the standard of Magic Continent, it would be aimed at about B rank adventurers.

 It's not good or bad.

 After we made it up to the entrance, Gisu said it.

 "Listen, Paul is considerably exhausted. Elinalise, you, I'm sure there are things you want to say, but this time try to hold yourself back a bit."

 "…I can't make any promises."

 Elinalise said that while shaking her head.

 Gisu made a bitter smile and shrugged his shoulders.

 Nothing more than that was said.

 Well, if it's Elinalise, then it's not like she'll suddenly become belligerent.

 "Senpai, you as well. Please don't get into a fight like last time. I'm sure you have lots of things to say along the way, but don't blame him too much."

 If he's going to the point of saying something like that ahead of time, it seems Paul is in a dangerous state.

 Although, I've already seen a weakened and lost Paul once before as well.

 It won't be good if I don't prepare myself.

 Yeah I can see it, Paul is the type who is considerably weak emotionally.

 If anything happens, he quickly gets depressed.

 It's not quite to the level of mental illness, but he's the type that hasn't gone through any kind of major setbacks in the past.

 If we could just find Zenith, then I thought he would return to the Paul full of confidence from Buina Village though…

 Well, this time. I'll go with guts.

 Let's go with tolerance.

 Let's go with the level of being called Rudeus the Buddha.

 "Then, let's go in."

 Gisu said that and went inside the inn.

 There's no door.

 There was a cloth almost like a curtain separating as we entered inside.

 Inns that are aimed at adventurers, generally, were all made to look the same no matter where you go.

 It's a place for the sake of eating.

 Only the materials of the tables and the positioning are different, there's no large difference.

 I recognized Paul at a glance.

 The man who has fallen prostrated on top of the table.

 "…Ah."

 There was a person who let out a small voice.

 The person standing right beside Paul.

 Even in this kind of place, she's wearing maid clothes.

 It's Lilia.

 She had a clear yet slightly tired expression and her hair was somewhat frayed.

 However, after she met eyes with me, that face became somewhat cheerful.

 She did a single bow towards me.

 After that, she soon shook Paul's back.

 The woman sitting in front of Paul stood up as well.

 After seeing my face, she took several steps back and lowered her head after making a taken aback face.

 It's a female in a robe figure.

 Was that Vera or Shera again?

 If I remember correctly, it was Shera.

 The management person.

 She was making a tired face as well.

 Everyone is making tired faces.

 I sat down in the seat she was sitting right in front of Paul.

 "Husband, Rudeus-sama has come to visit."

 "Nn…"

 After Paul was shaken by Lilia, he slowly raised his face.

 What a terrible face.

 He didn't have a scruffy beard and his hair was reasonably in order.

 There's no scent of alcohol from a certain time as well.

 However, there's bags under his eyes, it feels like he's lost weight and worn out as a whole.

 Same as always, he's being driven into the corner.

 I'm glad I came.

 If Paul is in this kind of condition, then even with just this, there is meaning in my coming here.

 "Rudi…"

 "Dad. It's been a while."

 Paul looked at my face in a daze.

 It's almost like he's just woken up.

 No, I wonder if he was asleep.

 With his face down on the table.

 And dozing away.

 "Ah… How strange. I can see Rudi…wa ha… Yo Rudi, it's been a while. You look energetic. Are Norn and Aisha doing well?"

 Paul said that with glazed eyes and a dull face.

 Honestly, it was a reaction outside of my assumptions.

 I thought a Paul who was lost in alcohol would come out like some time ago.

 And then, I thought he would come out shouting at me with an alcohol bottle in one hand.

 "No… Norn and Aisha, I've taken care of. Now they're living with me in the Magic City Sharia. For the time being, I've left them in the care of some reliable people, so it's alright."

 "I see, I see, as expected of Rudi. I can rely on you. Yeah, how have you been, have you been healthy?"

 "I guess so… Well, I've been healthy."

 Paul was smiling with a fluffy expression.

 It was a smile like his soul was missing not suitable for this situation.

 You could even call it eerie.

 "I see, that sure is great, it's number one that you've been healthy."

 Paul's eyes were dead.

 Could it be, I wonder if his spirit has died and he's become an invalid?

 After looking at Gisu with an uneasy face, he nodded with a serious face.

 …Seriously?

 Paul, you've really ended up becoming like this…

 "Rudi…”

 Paul unsteadily stood up and made his way around the table to me.

 And then, he tightly embraced me.

 "Dad, you know, he's a failure…”

 I just silently returned the embrace from Paul.

 Paul might be no good.

 He already might never return to normal.

 Even though he'll soon have grandchildren born.

 He's ended up becoming like this…

 However, now that I've come here, it's alright.

 I'll somehow do something.

 I came for that reason.

 "I couldn't save your mother, I couldn't protect the things I decided myself either. I wasn't able to do anything for you as a parent as well. I'm a no good guy."

 "Please rest easy. Now that I've come here it's already alright."

 "Wu…Rudi, you, have really gotten big."

 Paul tightened his grip on my shoulders.

 It hurts a bit.

 However, I'll endure it.

 "I've grown bigger. Soon, my child will be born as well. So, afterwards rest easy and leave things to me, please take a good rest."

 "…Hn?! Child!?"

 And there Paul suddenly let out a strange voice.

 Simultaneous with that, the light rapidly returned to his eyes.

 "O… O… Oh?"

 He was touching my face with his own face like he was tricked by a fox.

 "…Could it be, you're real?"

 "I'm real."

 "You're not a dream?"

 "A good man like it's a dream, right?"

 "…Ah, he's real."

 Paul blinked his eyes and looked at his surroundings.

 He met eyes with Lilia.

 "Good morning, Husband."

 "Yeah, Lilia. How long was I asleep?"

 "Since Talhand-sama went out shopping, so… just about one hour."

 "I see, it seems I was half asleep."

 Paul shook his head and stretched a bit.

 Hmmm, after all, it seems he was just half asleep.

 It seems he hasn't become an invalid.

 That's great.

 I thought I was going to have to nurse an old person already at this age.

 Paul sat back down on the chair and faced me.

 And then, with a feeling once again, started to ask.

 "…Rudi, why… are you here?"

 "I said it just now as well, but I've come to help you."

 "No, not with that sort of meaning?"

 I shook my head.

 It was a question within my assumptions.

 Previously, these sorts of differences in contact developed into a fight.

 However, this time, it will be fine.

 I already saw the letter and sheltered Norn and Aisha as well.

 "It's alright, Norn and Aisha as well, they've safely been taken care of."

 I repeated what I said earlier.

 "Right, I see."

 Paul looked like he was confused as he patted my body.

 Almost like he was trying to make sure if I was really here.

 "No, but, after all… isn't that too fast?"

 "We came using a somewhat special means of transport. I thought about talking about it on the way home."

 "Special means… Well, if it's you, then I guess those kinds of things are possible…"

 Paul was making a dumbfounded face and drooped his shoulders.

 With the same absent-minded face.

 "For the time being, could you tell us what happened after you sent out the letter?"

 "No, wait just a second, I'm confused."

 "That's right, please drink some water and calm down."

 I made a cup with earth magic and filled it with water using water magic then handed it to Paul.

 Paul honestly took that.

 And quickly gulped it down.

 And then, "Fu…” took a deep breath.

 "Sorry. I'm a bit surprised. Though I knew that Gisu sent out a letter at his own convenience, I thought it would be a bit longer before you come."

 "We came here in a hurry after all."

 After saying that, Paul made a bitter smile.

 "Even for hurrying, that's way too fast though."

 One and a half months.

 If you were to expect it from Paul's side, it would be a bit over half a year.

 Even then, that would still be fast.

 I'm sure it's fast.

 Normally, it would be another year from there.

 Paul as well, probably thought it would be another ten months I'm sure.

 And, there Paul put his hand at his chin and made a face like he was thinking about something.

 And then, with a somewhat tensed face asked me.

 That voice was using a tone that was slowly trying to ascertain something.

 "Come to think of it, earlier, did you say something about having a child?"

 Come to think of it, I did say it.

 Though I didn't have any intention to hide it.

 After all, I wonder if he'll get angry.

 That even though I'm going through this much difficulty, just you are making these good experiences.

 I responded while selecting my words.

 "That is. Actually, while I was attending school at the Magic University, I got married."

 "…Married?"

 Paul's face turned into a frown.

 "With whom…? Ah, was it Eris?"

 "No, with Sylphy. We were able to reunite at the Magic University."

 "Sylphy? The one from Buina Village?? She was alive?"

 "Yeah, though it seems like she had a terrible time in her own way."

 Paul was brushing his chin while making a surprised face.

 Somehow, I did send out a letter, but it really doesn't seem to have arrived.

 "The story up until we got married, do you want to hear?"

 "…Ah, Yeah. That's right I guess. For the time being, tell me."

 I started to tell Paul about what happened after I sent the letter to him.

 I entered the Magic University, the story up until I got married.

 I carefully told the contents.

 Honestly, my memories from school life were nothing but fun memories.

 Certainly there were a few bad things as well, but it wouldn't be an exaggeration to even say they were rose colored.

 I made friends as well and made a lover as well.

 During every event, we had a party as well.

 I cautiously told it while trying to remain as objective as possible as I said it.

 I didn't keep anything secret.

 Since there's no mistake that I enjoyed it.

 "I see… a child… grandchild, huh…"

 I was prepared to be reprimanded.

 The fact that I've made a child would mean, in other words, that I did things capable of making a child.

 During the time when I know Paul is desperately trying to save Zenith for our family.

 Normally, I'm sure you would get angry.

 It's something that accompanies pleasure after all.

 It seems Paul has been living a lifestyle of abstinence as well after all.

 In front of me with that kind of thinking, Paul lowered his head.

 "I'm sorry about that. Because of my worthlessness, I called you who is about to become a father to this kind of place."

 He apologized.

 That Paul did.

 "No, that is, I feel very sorry about that. Even though mother still hasn't been found, only I have…"

 "No, I can't blame you for that. Once with Lilia, I as well embraced her after all."

 Lilia is your wife as well, isn't that fine I wonder.

 And where I think up to though.

 "I thought I could last until we saved Zenith, really, it's pathetic…”

 Paul hung his head down in shame, he looks like he's going to cry again.

 Fragile.

 Almost like he's made of glass.

 And there Lilia interposed with her words.

 "We were attacked by a Succubus, it couldn't be helped."

 "Even with that…, you, like that…Ah, damn it…”

 Paul seemed like he remembered something and held his head.

 I see, a Succubus huh.

 It can't be helped if it was a Succubus.

 I encountered one as well, but those aren't something you can fight against.

 The things that people are hiding in their hearts, it has a feeling like it can lay them bare.

 But, I think there should be healing magicians in Paul's party.

 And I flash a glance at Shera.

 She caught my glance and went into an obvious panic.

 "I…I'm very sorry. That is, I was afraid, of the leader, and I wasn't able to do anything…”

 "Rudi, please don't blame her. It's my fault."

 Most likely, after Paul went into heat, he started to attack the women surrounding them.

 If this man were to seriously go into heat, I'm sure that would be scary.

 Even more so, in Paul's party, Paul should be the core of their combat ability.

 You can't invoke detoxification magic unless you're touching the other side with your hand.

 Trying to hold down Paul while using detoxification, that's no different from impossible.

 There Lilia must have offered her body to somehow do something I'm sure.

 "I understand the fear of Succubus very well. It's an opponent that it can't be helped against."

 "But you know, even though Talhand was completely fine, just I…”

 Come to think of it, this party has a man called Talhand as well, doesn't it?

 He was alright, I guess?

 I wonder what that means.

 There was a man who could resist that?

 Could it be that it doesn't affect Dwarves, or something like that?

 While I was thinking that, Paul's gaze locked onto me.

 "What is it?"

 After asking that, Paul scratched underneath his nose while answering.

 "No, you, it seems you've become able to refer to yourself as Ore now."

 "Huh…”

 After it was pointed out, I realized that my first person had changed.

 Come to think of it, at some unknown point, I've started to be able to put "Ore" into words.

 Though it was something I had intended to do.

 Maybe because I was talking together with Zanoba and the others, it seems it gradually mixed together.

 "Ah, excuse me. To think I would do that."

 "No, it's fine. Using "ore" is manlier after all."

 Paul smiled

 He smiled, however.

 Tears started to build up in the edges of his eyes.

 Tears started to fall down.

 By the time one grain had fallen, many were falling down.

 Without end they were falling.

 "…Rudi, you, really grew up a lot, didn't you…?”

 After receiving those words, I felt like I was going to cry as well.

 Even though we're family.

 We don't even know how the other side has changed.

 "Dad is sorry for being this kind of no good father…”

 "…"

 I silently put my arm around Paul's shoulder.

 It wasn't even necessary to stretch myself, my hand could reach around to the other shoulder.

 In the time I hadn't realized, I had grown to the same height as Paul.

 Just like that, the two of us cried.

 Part 6

 After a short while I separated from Paul.

 The reunion has ended.

 It won't be good if we don't change directions.

 And then, there's still one problem remaining.

 "…Hmph."

 Elinalise was sitting in a chair nearby and looking over here with a face like she wasn't amused at all.

 Paul slowly looked over there.

 Their two gazes entangled.

 Paul narrowed his eyes.

 Elinalise lowered her eyebrows.

 No good.

 "Umm, dad. Elinalise-san has come to help. She's come all the way here from Magic City Sharia after hearing our family is in a pinch. Even on top of the fact that she didn't want to see dad's face. She came to help."

 "…"

 Paul slowly stood up.

 He faced Elinalise and slowly started to walk.

 She caught onto that and stood up while tightly gripping her fist.

 "She's worried as well. I'm sure various things happened in the past though. In order to save my face here, can't you let things be water under the bridge?"

 Paul ignored me and stood directly in front of Elinalise.

 Elinalise was glaring at a high place one head above her own.

 An electrifying presence was being transmitted.

 It can't be, this is blood thirst.

 Critical situation.

 That word floated to mind.

 Could it be, they're going to start a fist fight?

 No, it might become a fight to the death.

 No good.

 I never thought their relationship was that bad.

 "…Gisu."

 I exchanged a look with Gisu.

 Then, he shrugged his shoulders in jest and an irritating smile floated onto his face.

 This guy is useless.

 "Elinalise."

 "What do you want?"

 Paul took a fleeting glance at me.

 He sent a look at Lilia and Shera as well.

 I wonder what it is.

 It's a gaze that has implication.

 "…"

 Paul got onto his knees there.

 And then rubbed his head into the ground.

 He's prostrating himself!

 "For that time, I'm very sorry!"

 Elinalise wasn't looking at Paul.

 She responded while looking away.

 While making a displeased face, she said it completely unamused.

 "…About that time, I feel that I was in the wrong as well."

 …Huh?

 I feel like I heard some unexpected words.

 Paul was still in the form of a frog as he continued.

 "It seems like you've helped me out in various ways since the teleport, I am truly sorry."

 "It's fine. I had a person I was searching for as well, it was in addition."

 "Thank you, Elinalise."

 "You’re welcome, Paul."

 With that it was over.

 It was something done quickly.

 In between the two a small smile floated.

 It seemed like something that existed between Paul and Elinalise disappeared.

 Even though she said she wouldn't forgive Paul that much.

 So easily.

 "Fu…"

 Paul took a deep breath and stopped his prostration then stood up.

 He brushed his knees with a [Pan Pan].

 And then looked at Elinalise.

 Elinalise as well looked at Paul with a soft gaze.

 "Paul, you've grown old haven't you."

 "You're just as beautiful as always."

 "Oh my, I'll tell on you to Zenith."

 "Then I can see a Zenith burning from jealousy again."

 "It's something to look forward to, isn't it?"

 The two suddenly laughed.

 How nice.

 A beautiful elf and an exhausted middle aged swordsman.

 Somehow it seems like it could become a painting.

 I don't know the reason for their discord.

 It might have just been Elinalise being stubborn and maybe it wasn't anything significant I wonder.

 Or else, maybe it was the so-called [Time solves everything.] I wonder…

 In any case, it's beautiful that everything ends well, I guess.

 "Ah… But, you, I'm amazed you could endure it. From the northern regions until here, I'm sure it was considerably tough right?"

 "Yeah, it was considerably tough."

 "What's going on with your curse? Could it be, you didn't do it with Rudeus did you?"

 "Never. I somehow managed to endure thanks to the magic tool Cliff made."

 Paul tilted his head after hearing Elinalise's words.

 "Who is Cliff?"

 "My husband."

 "Ha?!?"

 Paul opened his eyes wide.

 And then, let out a loud surprised voice.

 "You have a husband, you really mean there's such an odd person out there! What kind of joke is that? Could it be that you're just saying that on your own! Hey Rudi, is it someone you know as well? That one called Cliff."

 Paul looked at me while laughing.

 I nodded with a serious face.

 It's because Elinalise was making a scary face.

 "Dad. That's saying too much. Certainly I feel that Cliff is an odd person, but he's a man I respect."

 Cliff.

 He has a bit of places where he can't read the mood, but he's straight forward, and a man who can directly say he loves a person.

 He's an amazing guy.

 "Seriously. For you to say you respect him, how amazing is he…?"

 Paul received a shock, but soon wore a face like he was wrong and lowered his head.

 "I see. Sorry about that, introduce him to me next time."

 "Yeah, he's a much greater man than you."

 Paul made a bitter smile at those words and lowered his head once again.

 "In any case… Elinalise. Rudeus. I'm grateful. It's great of you to come."

 "Save the thanks for after this."

 "If we're family, then it's only natural."

 Well then.

 It's about time we get to the main topic.

 "Dad. Please explain the situation."

 Part 7

 First Paul started telling us the details on how he got to here.

 Generally, it was a story I already knew.

 The fact that they met with Roxy and Talhand in Milishion.

 After getting their hands on that information, they crossed over to Begaritto Continent.

 Thanks to the somewhat complete state of their party, that they managed to somehow or other make it up to Lapan.

 And there they reunited with Gisu, and found a lead on the whereabouts of Zenith.

 "According to the information from Gisu it seems your mother, Zenith, is trapped in a labyrinth, one day north of here."

 "…"

 She's trapped.

 Does that mean someone is trapping her?

 The fact that it's in a labyrinth makes it vague.

 I wonder if there are labyrinths that capture people.

 "For all six years?"

 "I don't know."

 Paul shook his head.

 I continued the questions.

 "The condition of her life?"

 "I don't know. Just, we heard that several years ago it seems a party that entered that labyrinth saw a person who looked like Zenith. And then, that party lost track of her in the labyrinth as well…”

 Lost contact with them…

 Isn't that hopeless then?

 The fact that she's being trapped, in other words doesn't that mean you just want to believe that?

 However, according to the story from Roxy, at the very least at the time they heard the story from Kishirika, it seems Zenith was still alive.

 And then according to the information from Gisu, it seems the time when they lost sight of her was prior to when Roxy heard the story from Kishirika.

 The time Roxy heard the information from Kishirika was two years ago.

 The information Gisu heard was four years ago.

 In other words, that would mean Zenith has remained missing for at least two years yet continued to remain alive.

 If it comes to that, I feel like even now the probability that Zenith is alive is high.

 For the time being, it seems there's a ray of hope as they continue searching for Zenith.

 Even if for example she had already died, just confirming that she's died is important as well.

 Naturally, I hope she's still alive but…

 However, if I hear that she's died and something deep within my chest falls down.

 It seems somewhere inside of me I already feel that it's too late.

 It's been six years since the teleport after all…

 And there Gisu interposed with words.

 "The actual situation is all based on rumors we don't know. It could be that she's already dead. She might have been possessed by a monster or something and wandering around. Just, there's the story that she was seen inside the labyrinth as well."

 Paul supplemented that.

 "That labyrinth is an ancient and troublesome labyrinth. During this last year we've attacked it a number of times, but it never goes well. We even had a gathering of four pros at exploring labyrinths, but we couldn't even clear half of it. It's a pathetic story."

 Four people.

 Paul, Gisu, Talhand, and Roxy huh.

 It seems like there were three others as well, but those girls were not pros at exploring labyrinths.

 Come to think of it, I wonder where the remaining three went.

 "Mu… Do we have guests?"

 Just as I was thinking about it light shined in from the entrance.

 Someone came inside.

 "Oh! It seems like we've missed out a deeply moving meeting here!"

 It was a short man.

 However, the only thing small was his height.

 He was a wide man about the same size as his height.

 I recognized at a glance that he was a dwarf.

 His long beard was shaking and in his hands was a large linen bag.

 Most likely, he would be Talhand I guess.

 Behind him was a female in the outfit of a swordsman and after all she had the same linen bag as well.

 It's not Bikini Armor, but it's a face I remember.

 If I remember correctly her name was Vera.

 After she did a single bow to me she trotted to nearby Shera's side.

 While swinging his heavy looking body the man came over in front of me.

 He looked over me while scrutinizing everything from the top of my head to my feet.

 "You are Paul's son huh?"

 "Ah, yes. It's nice to meet you, I'm Rudeus."

 "I'm Talhand. Just as I heard, you're a man who seems intelligent. Hmmm."

 Talhand put the linen bag on top of the table.

 "Rudeus, you mustn't approach that man. You'll have your important things as a man stolen away."

 The one who said that was Elinalise.

 The thing important to a man, I wonder what.

 Like pride?

 "Oh~, just as I was thinking it stank of a woman…”

 There Talhand looked at Elinalise.

 It was completely an expression like only just now he just realized it.

 "What's this, you came along as well."

 "Oh my, am I not allowed to come?"

 "No good no good. Just having you join along causes troublesome things to happen after all."

 Talhand took a glass bottle with an amber looking liquid inside out of the linen bag.

 And then after popping the cork off the bottle he started to gulp it down like that.

 "Bu… ha… the alcohol around here really hits the spot."

 The scent of alcohol started to float around.

 It seems like considerably strong alcohol.

 The dwarves like alcohol after all.

 "Here."

 Talhand handed the alcohol bottle over to Elinalise.

 She silently received it.

 And then just like that took a sip from the alcohol bottle.

 She didn't drink as much as Talhand, but even then I still saw her white throat move twice.

 "Gefu… what vulgar alcohol."

 "Vulgar then it suits you right."

 After Talhand put the cork back on the alcohol bottle, he put it back in the bag.

 What was with that exchange just now?

 Some kind of cultural greeting for the dwarves?

 No one said anything about that behavior.

 What is this?

 "Now that everyone is gathered I'm going to continue to the story, is that fine?"

 After hearing Paul's words I returned to myself.

 Since Talhand's impact was strong I forgot we were in the middle of talking.

 Hn?

 Everyone…

 "Please wait just a minute, what happened to Roxy-sensei?"

 After asking that, a shadow appeared on Paul's face.

 No, it wasn't just Paul.

 It was on everyone's face other than Elinalise.

 When the beautiful elf realized that as well her eyes opened wide.

 "Eh? You're lying right?"

 Hearing those words.

 In my mind as well, a certain word rose to the surface.

 The worst words.

 In other words, "Death".

 "Roxy, a month ago, got caught in a trap in the labyrinth…”

 I felt the throbbing get violent.

 I don't want to hear it.

 That blue haired girl is.

 It can't be.

 I don't want to listen.

 But, she had the ability to conquer a labyrinth alone.

 She couldn't use chantless magic, but she succeeded at shortening the incantation.

 She was a Water King-class Magician.

 And my savior.

 I don't want to hear it.

 "Di… Did, she die?"

 But, I heard it.

 Timidly.

 Unaware, Elinalise stood up and put her hands on my shoulder from behind.

 "No, she stepped into a teleport magic circle and just went missing. It's not decided that she's dead yet, the probability that she's still alive in the labyrinth should be high."

 With those words I felt relieved in an instant, but after hearing Gisu's words next my face stiffened again.

 "Hey, Paul. That's impossible. Even if it was Roxy, it's not something a single magician can do anything about. There is the possibility that she's alive, but that probability is…”

 There, Talhand interposed with his words.

 "No, Roxy is outside of the normal standard for magicians. There's plenty of possibility that she's alive."

 "Even so, we haven't found her in a month already! We've gone searching five times and been unable to find her five times!"

 "Gisu, it's not a talk about when or where!"

 Paul, Gisu, and Talhand were each quarreling their sides.

 That aloof Gisu is getting into a dispute with an irritated expression.

 As I thought they must be driven to a corner.

 In any case, she stepped into a teleport magic circle trap.

 Even if she looks like that, Roxy has her clumsy parts after all.

 If you were to say, "It's like her," it is, I guess.

 Well, if it's not like she's died, then I'll think about it as if she hasn't died.

 I can't imagine that Roxy Migurdia would die so simply.

 I want to think that.

 I'll think about it like that.

 Ah, more than the time when I heard that Zenith might be dead, I feel like I received a greater shock.

 "Excuse me. We've derailed the conversation a bit, haven't we? And then, what kind of place is that labyrinth?"

 After I said that the three of them exchanged looks.

 They were exchanging looks to decide who would say it.

 Paul opened his mouth.

 "What kind, it's an S rank. It's one of the worst labyrinths around here."

 Paul slowly said it.

 "The Teleport Labyrinth."

 The moment I heard those words, I felt like I heard the sound from the book in my luggage shifting.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
