Volume 13  2 — Enter the Labyrinth

Volume 13 Chapter 2 - Enter the Labyrinth

 

 Part 1

 Teleport Labyrinth.

 If you were to just take a glimpse it appears to be nothing but a cave.

 There's no special feeling.

 It's just a hole opened up in just a cliff.

 There are many spider monsters in its vicinity and many monsters trapped those spiders' webs, just that.

 Even if you were to see a photo, I'm sure no special feelings of any kind would come up.

 However, if you go there yourself it's different.

 From there you can almost intuitively feel that it's a labyrinth.

 Something eerie.

 However, I also felt something that was stimulating my curiosity.

 I wonder if all labyrinths have this kind of atmosphere.

 "Well then, Rudi. We're going just as we arranged, is that fine?"

 "Understood."

 Paul patted my shoulder and nodded.

 We took the formation we arranged the other day and entered the labyrinth.

 It's my first labyrinth, but I'm not really all that excited.

 It's just the pressure of trying not to make a mistake.

 "Husband, the fortunes of war be with you."

 "Everyone, please take care."

 Lilia, Vera, and Shera were returning to the city from here using horses.

 During the time when a large clan conquers a labyrinth, they create a support camp at the entrance of the labyrinth as well.

 However Lapan is thankfully only one day away, or even half a day away if you hurry.

 There's no particular need to setup a camp outside of the cave.

 "Now then."

 The inside of the cave is dark, but it wasn't to the point of seeing nothing.

 The interior of the cave was shining, to a dim degree.

 However, this darkness would be fatal I'm sure.

 "I'm going to make some light."

 "Yeah."

 Soon after entering I used the spirit scroll I got from Nanahoshi.

 The bright light spirits flew up and started to circle around above us.

 Gisu invoked the same scroll as I used.

 Since his role is that of the scout, he needs a different light source from us.

 We tested it out yesterday, the scroll can be used by even Paul and Gisu.

 Naturally, since it lasts longer with more magic power, it's still best if I use it, but it seems the consumed magic power is almost nothing.

 With this, we were delighted at not having to carry along a torch.

 After all, it would be a hindrance to have one of your hands sealed off.

 The light from the spirits is brighter than a torch, even with little magic power they last a long time.

 If this was to spread, torches might disappear from the market.

 "Paul, your son sure brought along a lot of useful things."

 "Well yeah. He's the son I'm proud of after all."

 Paul put his hand to his chest with a boasting spirit and Talhand let out a voice mixed with amazement.

 "It doesn't seem he has a father he can feel proud about himself though."

 "Don't say that, since he's bothered over it."

 With a sigh mixed into the voice Paul's shoulder drooped.

 "Look, let's hurry and get a move on?"

 With Gisu's words we ventured further into the cave.

 Part 2

 First floor.

 We start walking through a cave like an ant's nest.

 The walls and ceiling have white threads stretched all around them and even further inside there's bluish-white teleport magic circles shining.

 There I sent the light spirits and it gave off an almost fluorescent light.

 "Occasionally there are magic circles that don't give off any light so caution is necessary, was it?"

 "That's right Rudi. Make sure you firmly step in Gisu's footprints."

 Gisu was leading about ten steps ahead.

 He wears unique boots.

 The places where he steps leave behind footprints with a deep cross mark.

 It seems the bottoms of his shoes have something like a cross shaped iron plate attached.

 Of course, they're not a magic item imbued with magic power.

 I wonder if they're something born from the wisdom of adventurers.

 They seem like they help to prevent slipping and they clearly leave behind footprints as well, a useful item.

 Although, on this first floor it's easy to spot the teleport magic circles.

 The monsters that appear on the first floor are the [Tarantula Deathlord].

 However, on the floor, there were different spiders that the Tarantula Deathlord probably use as their staple food.

 It's a spectacle that would probably cause someone who hates spiders to faint.

 Inside of that group of spiders there are clearly outlined voids.

 They're void places that are either circular or square in shape. There's a teleport trap.

 If someone doesn't like to step foot on the spiders, then, in no time at all, they'll be teleported somewhere, is what it means.

 As a result, we continued walking while stepping on the spiders with a [Crunch].

 It's not a very good feeling, but it can't be helped.

 Well then, the countless B rank Tarantula Deathlords haven't come out into the pathway.

 Occasionally there's one or two of them, but after they're discovered by Gisu they're quickly exterminated by Paul.

 Up until now there's no place for me.

 "He~…Well, if it's like this it's easy going."

 Paul has two swords in his hands and is rapidly advancing.

 Two swords.

 One of them is the thing he was almost always holding at the house. His beloved sword I'm sure.

 I don't know if it's has some sort of special power, but it's cutting the Tarantula Deathlords in two in a single strike.

 Rather than the cutting edge of the sword, I'm sure it's Paul's technique.

 In his left hand is a sword with a shape I've never seen before.

 I guess it would be categorized as the so-called short sword.

 It's not short enough to be considered a dagger, but not long enough to be a long sword.

 It has a hand-guard that covers around the hand and somewhat curved double-edged sword.

 The reason there is a hole in the center of it, I wonder if it's so it doesn't get stuck to things it cuts?

 He's not using it very much.

 Paul fundamentally fights using just the sword in his right hand.

 I wonder what he uses the sword in his left hand for.

 The results of his chuunibyou I wonder?

 "…Really, it's easygoing isn't it!"

 It doesn't really matter though.

 Each time he finishes one off Paul does a fleeting glance towards me.

 Annoying.

 I wonder if he's thinking something like he wants to show off to me how cool he is.

 I understand that Papa is cool already, so I'd like for you to not let your guard down.

 "Paul! Properly look ahead!"

 Look, Elina-obaachan's reprimands have started flying.

 "It's fine I say, we've already entered the first floor any number of times, it's easy."

 "That negligence will cost you your life you know."

 "I get that, even if you didn't say it?"

 "In the first place, you've been going too far since just now. I'm in front right!?"

 "If it's on the first floor then, there's no difference is there?"

 Elinalise and Paul started up a dispute.

 Behind me I heard Talhand say, "Really now, they've started." and let out a sigh.

 "Putting myself aside, it's Rudeus's first time in a labyrinth itself, so as an adult properly show him how things are done as an example!"

 "That's why, I was trying to loosen that tension, it's become the opportunity for conversation right?"

 "Stop spouting lies, just now I felt you giving off the flippant atmosphere exactly like the time when Zenith just entered the party!"

 "No well, if you're going to say that I can't deny it though. What's this, you've, considerably started nagging haven't you."

 "It's only natural. Paul is similar to my son after all. I'll do the scolding as well!"

 After saying that and Paul laughed a bit.

 "What do you mean son, since you've spent such a long time with Rudi, your feelings have even transferred to me? Stop with that. If you act like my mother then I'll start getting goosebumps."

 "…Oh my, Rudeus you didn't tell him?"

 "What?"

 "That Sylphy is my grandchild. The fact that he's married my grandchild would mean you're related as well. Since that's the case, the parents of that grandchild, Paul and Zenith, you two are the same as my children as well."

 Paul's legs stopped.

 He slowly turned around towards me and came back.

 The formation crumbled and everyone stopped their feet.

 "He…Hey, what does this mean Rudi…Sylphy is her grandchild, it sounds like Elinalise is saying some ridiculous things though."

 Come to think of it, I didn't say it did I?

 "Somehow, it seems that Rawls-san was Elinalise-san's child."

 "Rawls was? That guy, never said a single word about that."

 "Well, it seems various things happened in the past and he was keeping quiet about Elinalise-san's existence."

 "Ah…I see now…It's not like I don't understand."

 "Rather than that, let's keep moving ahead. Be careful to absolutely not let your guard down."

 "Ye…Yeah."

 Paul said words like he understood and returned to the advance guard.

 "Seriously…A connection between my family and Elinalise has been made you say…Seriously…"

 While leaving behind such muttering.

 It seems it was a considerably large shock.

 Part 3

 The first floor was easy.

 Just as Paul said, he must have come down a number of times already.

 With breaks in-between, we continue down the passage and end up breaking through a large room with Tarantula Deathlords crowding about in it.

 Cleaning up the swarms of monsters is my role as the magician.

 However, before we entered the first large room, Talhand gave me several pieces of advice.

 "Listen well. Don't use fire."

 "Why?"

 "If you use fire, then poison will fill the room. It's especially necessary to be cautious on the deeper floors."

 "…It can't be cured using detoxification?"

 "It can't be cured."

 By poison, he's probably referring to carbon monoxide poisoning.

 If you use fire in a closed off space, the oxygen will be consumed and your consciousness will eventually get hazy.

 This is the same, even with fire magic.

 "After that, attacking the ceiling is forbidden, as well. You understand the reason, right?"

 "It's because the cave might collapse, right?"

 "That's right. That's why, it's better not to use water much either. Use ice as much as possible."

 "Understood."

 If you were to use a large amount of water, the ground would become loose.

 Well, some water should be fine, I'm sure. There's earth magic, as well.

 Even though I say that, if while using earth magic you unknowingly start using the earth from base supports inside the cave, it could be a problem.

 If you take out the support for the interior of the cave, it's possible it might lead to a cave-in.

 Then, I'm sure ice is the safest.

 The safe choice is to go with what has been suggested.

 For that reason, I went with the choice of advanced water magic, [Blizzard Storm].

 It's magic that rains a large amount of ice spears.

 In order for Paul and the others to not get caught up in it, I start cleaning up the ones around the crowd's center.

 "Oh, as expected of Roxy's disciple, the magic you use is the same…"

 I heard Talhand's murmur from behind.

 It seems Roxy used [Blizzard Storm], as well.

 That makes me a bit happy.

 "Moreover, chantless, huh? I can understand why you're Roxy's proud disciple."

 While triumphantly listening to Talhand's words, the spiders were annihilated.

 We advance ahead.

 After clearing through the spider nest, we step on the teleport magic circle inside.

 Walking through the passage, aiming for yet another spider nest.

 We've repeated that about five times since we entered the labyrinth.

 Of course, in regards to the magic circles, it's to investigate whether there are any differences in the book to reality.

 We know where all of the magic circles on the first floor lead to, but it was for the sake of confirming the book's credibility.

 Two-way teleportation.

 Shape, color, characteristics.

 We continued forward while checking these off, to make sure everything matches.

 It was roughly one hour between arriving at each magic circle.

 Since we repeated that five times, in terms of time, it would be about five hours, I estimate.

 In the final room, there was a magic circle that had a stronger hue of blue and was somewhat larger than the others.

 The deeper blue colored magic circle was the magic circle that leads to the next floor.

 The final room on the first floor was full of spider nests.

 There, two magic circles were lined up.

 They're magic circles with a similar shape, if it was someone who doesn't know anything, I'm sure they wouldn't know which is the real thing.

 Nearby, on the side of one of the magic circles, a large circle mark was carved into the stone.

 This is something that Gisu left the last time as a marker for the correct one.

 After confirming that there were no mistakes within the book, we stepped onto the magic circle.

 The second floor.

 Part 4

 Second floor.

 From here on, there are giant steel caterpillars [Iron Crawlers] crawling around.

 The small spiders on the ground have disappeared, and there's a decrease in the number of spider nests.

 The ground floor has become smooth.

 The [Iron Crawlers] with a height of about one meter and a width of about two meters, give off a plump impression.

 They're close in image to the worms that come out in Nausicaa.

 Just as they appear, they're solid and tough.

 And, unlike their appearance, they're fast.

 Rather than a slow caterpillar, they have speed more like a centipede.

 It seems like they're allies with the tarantulas- while the iron crawlers tank, the spiders shoot off sticky threads from behind.

 If you get caught in the sticky thread then the crawlers, with a body weight of about one ton, will trample you it seems.

 The iron crawlers are tough, even Paul can't defeat them in a single hit.

 No need to even mention Elinalise.

 That's why, it's my turn there.

 I can fire two magic spells at the same time.

 While firing [Blizzard Storm] at the spiders in the back, I finish off the Iron Crawlers that Paul and Elinalise attract with one hit, each with a rock bullet.

 It seems the iron crawlers are tougher to kill with a normal rock bullet, but I don't have much issues.

 Mine easily pierces straight through.

 Even though I say that, as expected of a worm, I'd say, if the place it hits is not an instakill, they writhe, struggling about violently.

 "With this, there's no place for me to take a turn."

 Since I was energetically working, Talhand muttered that uninterested from behind.

 He's stationed close behind me for the sake of whether it's needed.

 Even though I say that, in order to avoid falling into that sort of worst case pinch, I'm making sure to follow the three points to remain careful about, including the one Gisu said.

 Therefore for the time being, Talhand has nothing to do.

 However, that's fine.

 If we can have some reserve strength remaining as we advance, then that gives me a sense of relief.

 The Tarantula Deathlords continued to send their sticky threads flying.

 I didn't think that tarantulas make spider webs, but I'm sure these guys are different.

 Occasionally, they make it over to where I am, but since I have my Demon Eye opened it will never hit.

 Even if it were to hit, they have no attack power. If I just burn it with fire magic, there's no problem.

 "Ah, damn it…"

 "Ueh… It's sticky isn't it."

 Even though I say that, it doesn't seem like the advance guard can avoid it all, so Paul and Elinalise end up all sticky from the threads.

 "Here, don't go wasting too much now!"

 Although it would be fine for me to burn off the sticky threads, since Gisu has some kind of liquid that can melt the threads, I just weaken them with it.

 It seems to be some kind of unique chemical circulated on Begaritt Continent, and it is harmless to the human skin.

 It does no harm, but Elinalise was grumbling about how it makes the skin rough when it was spilled.

 It's almost like detergent.

 Maybe I'll try taking some home and washing dishes with it.

 "Alright, let's take a break for a moment here."

 After the combat.

 With Gisu's words, we sit down on the spot.

 Talhand and Elinalise remain standing on lookout, just like that.

 After Paul sat down, he immediately started to unfasten his armor and sword, wiping the body fluids of the monsters from the surfaces.

 During the short break, he finished inspecting his equipment in an instant.

 It was a familiar way of doing it, and Paul ended up asking something a pro would ask.

 "What's wrong? Rudi, you should finish up quick as well."

 "Ah, yes."

 After receiving a somewhat harsh rebuke from Paul I inspected my equipment as well.

 Even though I say that, since I'm just firing magic from a long range, there's few places to check.

 Nevertheless.

 Paul is quiet.

 During the time of the first floor every time we had a break like this he would somehow come out asking, "How is it?", but as expected now that we've gotten to the second floor his seriousness is apparent.

 Daddy is cool.

 "Cheh… It's stuck to it."

 While Paul was rubbing the fluids on his armor with some kind of cloth he was cursing.

 "How about trying to use the chemicals that Gisu used just now?"

 "That's for dissolving the threads, right?"

 And while saying that, Paul put some of the chemical on the cloth and started rubbing it.

 And then, it was almost a surprising level of white.

 No, the armor wasn't white though.

 "I… it came off didn't it? Thank you."

 "No-no."

 As I thought, it's detergent.

 If I buy some before I return home, I wonder if Sylphy would be delighted.

 If possible, it would be good if we could make it to the other side, though.

 After Paul removed the filth, he quickly put the armor back on, put his sword on, and walked over towards Elinalise.

 Just as I was thinking about changing places with Talhand and Gisu, they called out to me.

 "Senpai, lookout is fine."

 "Is it fine?"

 "Don't mind it, that old man hasn't worked after all. Rather than that- it's about from here on out- I'd like to hear a bit of senpai's view."

 "Is it fine for dad not to join in?"

 "It's fine, rather than that guy, senpai is smarter after all."

 While Gisu was saying those sorts of abusive things, he took the book and a map out of his bag.

 What he spread out was two maps.

 One of them was cleanly mapped out, but the other one was produced as we stopped along the way.

 "We'll soon be at the third floor. The place we lost track of Roxy is… here. If we're lucky, Roxy should still be in the vicinity of there. If it's just as the book says that is."

 "Yes."

 According to the book, it seems the teleport traps are made to only teleport to the same floor as they're on.

 Even if they're called random warp, the moment you step on them you won't suddenly find yourself in front of the boss on the lowest floor or anything.

 Roxy warped on the third floor.

 According to the book, if you step on a teleport trap, then you'll go straight to the monster's den.

 We don't know if the magic circle she stepped on was random or else the one way passage.

 In any case, if she's still alive, then the probability that she's on the third floor is high.

 Of course, there's also the possibility that she luckily managed to escape to the second or first floor, as well.

 However, these two floors were ones Roxy had explored a number of times as well.

 If it's someone who has as much ability as Roxy, then she would have already been able to move around the second floor. And then, it wouldn't be strange for her to have made it out of the labyrinth by now.

 It doesn't seem like she is past the third floor, after all.

 "Useful magic for the purpose of searching, you don't have any right?"

 "Yeah, I don't have any."

 I could try thinking about the application of magic I can use right now, but I can't quickly think of anything.

 "It's fine, with your intuition, Senpai, but where around here do you think Roxy would be?"

 "Intuition you say…"

 "In this labyrinth, we can't really just go walking always following the right hand side and searching thoroughly after all. If we're going to search, then that sort of thing is necessary as well."

 "Then, how about around this area."

 For the time being, I try pointing to a relevant blank space on the map.

 "The eastern area from where she was teleported, huh? Then, let's search around there."

 How relevant.

 I feel like it would be efficient to just search thoroughly, following the right hand side, though.

 However, we have no one in this place who can do a scientific analysis.

 In any case, we have no choice other than to walk around searching places we haven't checked.

 "Honestly, without Roxy, we couldn't break through the second floor. It's thanks to senpai. Those iron crawlers are troublesome."

 "I'm sure."

 The monsters here have a bad affinity with Talhand's specialty attribute.

 In terms of combat potential, if it comes down to it, Paul could get entangled in the threads as well, and can't properly take care of the advance guard.

 Vera is unreliable as the advance guard, as well. There's no way she could follow through as well as Elinalise.

 In order to pass through here, I'm sure someone who can use ice or fire type magic is necessary.

 Therefore, if Roxy ends up missing, it's not strange for their progress to be at a stand still.

 Rather, after Roxy disappeared, I'm amazed they even managed to come back.

 "We thought we could manage something, but after all, there are few magicians in this area. And not a single person has the backbone to challenge the teleport labyrinth, as well."

 It seems Gisu tried to do something in his own way.

 Thinking about it, the time when we got here he was trying to persuade someone in the guild, as well.

 It didn't seem to be going well though.

 "I'm sure Gisu-san has had various troubles as well."

 "He~… It's fine. Rather, didn't I say it's fine as newbie? If you use the honorifics then my back gets itchy?"

 "…I get it newbie. Next time, I'll introduce you to a cute female monkey, you can scratch each others backs."

 "Oh, that sounds nice. There isn't a red-light district around here, after all. Rather, who are you calling monkey? Hey!"

 There's a variety of things I'd like to talk with Gisu about as well, but I'll put it aside for now.

 I confirmed things about the route from here on out with Gisu.

 The map Gisu made was truly easy to read.

 However, if you were to compare it to the first floor that had been completely mapped, there were a number of holes on the second floor.

 If Zenith or Roxy happened to actually be inside of one of these holes… Such a thing better not happen.

 It leaves me a bit uneasy, but first we should check the third floor.

 Rather than starting at the closest place, the second floor, we should search in the place with the highest probability.

 "Gisu, approximately where are we right now?"

 Elinalise stuck her head in.

 In response Gisu pointed to a spot on the map.

 "Right now, we're around here."

 "Then, soon we'll be at the end of the second floor, right?"

 "Yeah, but spiders and iron crawlers will still come out."

 "For the composition of the monsters to change midway, it's a troublesome labyrinth isn't it?"

 Elinalise suddenly flipped back her hair.

 Even her proud hair rolls were effortlessly getting soft.

 "By the way, Gisu, why do you call Rudeus Senpai?"

 "Ihih… In the Dorudia race prison, just a bit…"

 "Dorudia prison, you say, that one from what Ghyslaine said before? What happened with that?"

 "After we return, I'll tell you about it in detail."

 While grinning and laughing, Gisu discontinued the conversation.

 The Dorudia race prison, how nostalgic.

 The me from back then had so much freedom.

 I can't get away with that appearance now.

 Oh my, on top of the bed it's always that appearance, isn't it?

 It seems I have the composure to have such a conversation now as well.

 Part 5

 And then, we arrived at the third floor.

 In terms of time, it was about 10 hours, I'd say.

 It was exceedingly fast.

 "I thought it would take a few days to get here."

 "In order to get to places without the map that might be the case."

 The nonchalant murmur I let out was picked up by Paul.

 I guess it's only natural that advancing as you fumble about and using the map as you advance are different.

 There's already no more small spiders on the floor.

 Occasionally, there's some sticky threads on the wall, but the presence of living things is weak.

 In exchange for that, I get a somewhat eerie feeling drifting about from deep darkness within the dark cave.

 From here on out, it's the real thing.

 First, we're going to find Roxy.

 "…"

 Thinking that, I feel like I can smell the nostalgic scent of Roxy drifting about.

 No, it's not my imagination.

 This is Roxy's scent, it's Roxy's presence.

 There's no way I would be mistaken.

 I can feel something stirring within my chest.

 Here.

 I'm confident in Roxy's continued existence.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
