Volume 1  11 — Separation

Volume 1 Chapter 11 - Separation

 

 Part 1

 It has been a month since I told Paul I wanted to work.

 Today, Paul receives a letter.

 I feel that a reply is about to be given to me, so I prepare myself.

 It will most likely be after sword training, after lunch, or maybe dinner.

 As I think about it, I continue to train in sword techniques earnestly.

 Part 2

 As I continue training, Paul says:

 "Rudi, I want to ask you something."

 "What is it, father?"

 I listen to Paul carefully with a stiff expression.

 After all, this is my first job including my past life.

 I need to work hard.

 "You…… Ah. If I wanted you to separate from Sylphy, what would you think?]

 "Huh? Of course I don't want to."

 "That's true."

 "What's wrong?"

 "No, nothing at all. Even if I told you, you would turn things from black into white."

 The instant he says that.

 Paul completely changes.

 A blood thirst emits from him to the point that I can feel it even though I'm a novice.

 "Eh!?"

 "……!!"

 Paul takes a step forward along with a silent pressure.

 Death.

 This word flashes across my mind.

 I instinctively use all my magic to attack Paul.

 An explosive wind is created in between Paul and I, using wind and fire magic at the same time.

 I jump backwards, boosted by the hot wind pushing me backwards.

 I have simulated this many times.

 With Paul as an opponent, there's no chance of winning if I don't pull away from him.

 Even though the explosive wind does damage to me, I can gain some distance if I can frighten away the opponent.

 But Paul pays no attention to it, and charges forward like the earlier pose he had.

 (It's ineffective after all!!)

 Even though I expected it, I still feel dread welling up.

 I need to take the next step for evasive maneuvers.

 The back is impossible. The opponent is moving forward too quickly.

 I instinctively think of that. I create a shock wave to hit my body on the side.

 With the force of the shock wave, my body flies to the side.

 The sound of the wind being cut grazes my ear, making my body break into cold sweat.

 I see Paul's sword swinging where my head was earlier.

 Good.

 The first strike has been avoided. This point is advantageous. Even though the distance is still very close, I can take the next step to pull away.

 I can see my victory.

 I sink the earth where this guy is going to step next.

 Paul steps onto that small pitfall.

 Just when I think of that, he shifts his body weight instantly on the other leg, and continues to charge at me without delay.

 (It's not good enough if you don't disable both legs at the same time!?)

 I created a marsh at my feet.

 Before I sink, I cast a water current and slide backwards like I'm skiing.

 (Sheet, it's too late……!)

 It was too late when I had this idea.

 Paul steps onto the solid ground on the edge of the marsh.

 The force that he stepped on makes the ground sink.

 There's only one more step left to come close to me.

 "U, uaahhh!!"

 I use the sword to engage him in panic.

 A clumsy strike that doesn't belong to any style.

 I feel a slippery, hateful feeling on my hands as I swing the sword with brute force.

 (It has been deflected by the Water-God style……)

 I only know that.

 After the Water-God Style deflection comes the counter attack.

 Even though I know that, I can't react to it.

 Like a slow motion cut scene, Paul's sword swings towards my neck.

 (Ah. luckily it's a wooden sword……)

 My consciousness dives towards darkness as I feel the strike on my neck.

 Part 3

 When I wake up, I find myself in a small box.

 I feel the surroundings move shakily, and I guess that I'm in the middle of some mode of transport.

 I try to sit up, but I can't even move a finger. I lower my head, and I find myself wrapped in ropes like a bamboo mat.

 Layers after layers of tight wrapping.

 (What happened……?)

 I turn my neck and find a huge Nee-chan sitting in front of me.

 Chocolate skin, a revealing leather outfit, rippling muscles, and full of scars all over her body.

 Wearing an eye patch with sculpted like face gives off an Anego vibe.

 This Nee-chan completely feels like a female amazon warrior from some fantasy story.

 Also she has beast like ears and a tail like a tiger's. Her fur is very thick.

 Is she from a beast race?

 She notices that I'm looking at her and meets her eyes with mine.

 "How do you do, my name is Rudeus Greyrat. I'm sorry to speak with you under such circumstances."

 I offer my name first. The basics in conversation is to speak first.

 You can hold the initiative if you strike first.

 "You're really polite for Paul's son."

 "That's because I'm also my mother's child."

 "That's true. You're also Zenith's son."

 I feel slightly relieved when I see that she knows my parents.

 "I'm Ghyslaine . Please give me your regards from tomorrow onwards."

 From tomorrow onwards?

 What's she talking about?

 "Erm, thanks. Please give me your regards too."

 "Aaa."

 In any case I use fire magic to burn the ropes.

 My whole body is in pain. Is it because I slept in a funny posture?

 I stretched out.

 A sense of freedom.

 Even though I'm already used to a small room and moving only my fingers, being tied up in front of this very S looking sister makes me feel somewhat weird.

 I look at my surroundings, and where I am can only be described as a small box.

 There's an area for one to sit on, so I sit opposite of Ghyslaine.

 There are windows on both sides, and one can look outside. It's a grassland that I have never seen before.

 As expected, I'm in some form of transport.

 The shaking is tremendous, and I feel like I will get carsick if I ride on this for too long.

 There's a pitpat sound coming from the front. Probably a horse.

 Which means I'm in a carriage.

 Why am I with this macho nee-chan sitting in a carriage?

 ……Hah!!

 Could, could it be, that I've been abducted by this muscle woman!?

 Does she want the lovable me as a toy for comfort purposes!?

 No, I, I don't really mind muscular women, but I already gave my heart to a girl named Sylphy.

 Can you please be gentle the first time……?

 Nonononono!!

 C-c-calm down. I need to calm down during this time.

 Counting prime numbers can allow me to calm down.

 Prime numbers are numbers that can only be divisible by one or them self……… This is what the Priest-san who has given me courage said before.

 3, 5, and then, 11? What's next, 13? Then, then next is………

 I CAN'T REMEMBER!!

 Prime numbers whatever I need to calm down.

 Cool down and think. Why have I landed in this situation?

 Good. Breathe in deeply.

 "In…… hale……"

 Good.

 Let's rearrange things from what I know.

 First, Paul suddenly attacked me and caused me to faint.

 Once I woke up, I found myself tied up in a horse carriage.

 I'm afraid he knocked me unconscious for some reason and threw me in a horse carriage.

 There's a woman who said, "Please give me your regards", in this horse carriage.

 Coming back to Paul, he said something strange before he attacked me.

 Something about leaving Sylphy. Something about Sylphy's too good for you. She's not your thing.

 T-that damnable lolicon…… Is he trying to lay his hands on my Sylphy!?

 Wait. He didn't say something like that in the second half?

 Hm?

 I don't understand when it comes to the part about Sylph.

 Damnation. It's all Paul's fault……!

 Well, let me try asking first.

 "Excuse me."

 "You can call me Ghyslaine."

 "Ah, then call me Rudi-chan."

 "I got it. Rudi-chan."

 Looks like she's the type who doesn't get jokes.

 "Ghyslaine-san. Did you hear anything from father?"

 "Call me Ghyslaine. You don't need to add -san."

 Ghyslaine says that while retrieving a letter from her pocket.

 And she passes it to me. I take it, but there's nothing on the envelope.

 "Paul gave me that letter. You read it. Because I don't know how to read, you need to speak it out loud."

 "Okay."

 I open the letter and start reading.

 『To my dear son, Rudeus.

 By the time you read this letter, I will probably not be in this world anymore.』

 "What!?"

 Ghyslaine shouts in surprise and stands up.

 The carriage's ceiling is surprisingly high……

 "Please sit down Ghyslaine. There's more."

 "Hm. Is that so."

 She sits down obediently.

 I continue reading.

 『------- This is the first time I want to try writing a joke. You got bested badly by me, and after that you got sadly knocked unconscious and tied up with ropes and thrown into the carriage like an imprisoned princess. I think you're not clear on what happened, and you can ask that muscle daruma…… Even though I want to say that, that fellow's brain is made up of muscles, so she couldn't explain it properly for sure.』

 "What!?"

 Ghyslaine shouts in anger and stands up.

 "Please sit down Ghyslaine. The next few lines are in praise of you."

 "Hm, is that so."

 She sits down obediently.

 I continue reading.

 『She's a Sword-king.

 If you want to learn sword techniques, you won't find anyone better unless you go to the holy grounds of the swordsmen. Her strength can be guaranteed by Father. I have never won once against her……… Except in bed.』

 Don't write useless stuff, idiotic dad.

 But Ghyslaine looks pleased.

 That guy's really popular.

 But you're really strong, Ghyslaine-san.

 『Well, talking about your job, you're appointed as a home tutor for the young lady staying in the city of Roa within the Fedoa region. I hope you can teach her language, math, and simple magic. She's an extremely willful lady, and violent to the point where the school has requested her not to come anymore. And up to this point, she has driven away several home tutors…… But, I think if it's you, you will be able to solve it.』

 Solve what? This is so irresponsible.

 "Is Ghyslaine very willful?"

 "I'm not the young lady."

 "That's true."

 I continue reading.

 『The muscle Daruma is the bodyguard hired for the young lady and the sword tutor. She seems to want you to teach the young lady magic and language, in exchange for teaching you the sword. Please don't laugh at her for having muscles for brain. She will become serious (Laughs).』

 "What……?"

 There's a vein popping out from Ghyslaine's forehead.

 This letter might be explaining the situation, but at the same time, it is probably trying to get a rise out of Ghyslaine.

 What relationship do these two have?

 『Even though her teaching capabilities aren't good, it's quite worth it if you can save on lesson fees.』

 Lesson fees.

 I see. I'm to learn sword techniques from this person. Because Paul belongs to the instinctive, he helped me find a better teacher.

 Or did he feel despair over me who didn't improve at all?

 Can you please take responsibility till the end……?

 "How much would one usually need if they wanted to learn from Ghyslaine?"

 "2 Asuran Gold Coins for 1 month."

 2 Asuran Gold Coins!!

 Even if it's Roxy, she only received 5 Asuran Silver Coins per month.

 4 times the amount. I see. It's indeed worth it.

 Just to add on, 1 person needs around 2 Asuran Silver Coins per month for living expenses.

 『You're going to stay at the young lady's house for the next 5 years to teach her.

 In these 5 years, you're forbidden from going home or writing letters. Because of you, Sylphy is unable to become independent. Not only that, even you're becoming dependent on her, so I'm forcing you to live apart.』

 "Wh……at……?"

 Eh, why?

 Wait.

 ……Eh?

 Are you kidding me? I can't meet Sylphy for 5 years?

 And I can't write letters?

 "What's wrong? Have you separated from your sweetheart, Rudi-chan?"

 I showed a face of despair and Ghyslaine seems to ask me in a pleasant manner.

 "No, I was just chased out of the house by a father who isn't like an adult."

 I didn't even have the time to bid farewell.

 You really did it, Paul.

 "Don't be so sad, Rudi-chan."

 "Erm."

 "What?"

 "I think I would like you to call me Rudeus."

 "Ah, I got it."

 But once I think about it rationally, Paul is also really right here.

 Indeed, if Sylphy grows up like this, she might become like an Osananajimi in a poorly made Eroge. Always sticking to the protagonist, and treating the protagonist as if he's the world and be a satellite revolving around him. A character without a self identity.

 If it's in the real world, getting along with friends in school, that reliance will gradually disappear over the process of learning things, but Sylphy doesn't have friends because of her hair color.

 Even after 5 years, the possibility of her sticking to me is very big.

 Even though that's okay for me, the surrounding adults don't think that.

 Which is good. Not a bad judgment.

 『In regards to your salary, you're being paid 2 Asura Silver Coins every month. Even though it's cheaper than the average home tutors, it's quite a lot for a child's pocket money. If you're free, go to the city to learn how to use money. The thing about money is that if you don't use it normally, you wouldn't use it well in an emergency. Although, I feel that my son will still use it well even if he doesn't learn how to…… Ah, even if you make a mistake don't use it to buy women okay?』

 I already told you not to write this useless stuff.

 Or is it that? Something like ost*ich club?

 Please don't do that.

 『And then. After 5 years, if you didn't give up on teaching the young lady language, math, and magic. As a special reward, the employer will pay the university fee amounting to 2 people's worth. Such is the contract.』

 I see.

 In these 5 years, if I take the home tutor job seriously, he will fulfill what I want to do.

 『Well, Sylphy might not want to follow you 5 years later, and your passion might cool down and have a change of heart. We will persuade Sylphy on this matter seriously.』

 Persuade seriously…… I have a bad feeling. Papan.

 『I wish you well within these 5 years. To learn all sorts of things at a new place, and reach a greater height.

 - The great intelligent Father Paul.』

 What intelligence…………!?

 Didn't you use brute force!!?

 But this time, his judgment makes me tip my hat off.

 Doing things for me, and for Sylphy as well.

 Even though Sylphy might become alone, if she doesn't solve things by herself, she won't be able to grow up no matter whenever.

 It's not okay to rely only on me.

 "Paul really loves you."

 Ghyslaine says. I laugh wryly and reply:

 "We were pretty cold before this. But once he saw that we were pretty similar, he got close to me. But, isn't Ghyslaine the same……"

 "Hm? What about me?"

 I read out the last line.

 『PS: If the young lady is agreeable with you, it's okay if you lay your hands on her, but the muscle Daruma is my woman, so don't touch her.』

 "He said that."

 "Hmph. Send that letter to Zenith."

 "Got it."

 Just like that, I was set to head off to the largest city in the Fedoa region, Roa.

 Even though I have many ideas about this, I'll set them aside. I should wake up a little. Mmm, this is just as well. I can't be with Sylphy. I don't have any regrets. Mmm.

 I keep telling myself that.

 (But I really want to see her at least once a year……)

 My heart still has some reservations.

 Part 4

 --Paul's POV--

 "T-that was dangerous……"

 I look down at my son who fainted and my dirtied shoes.

 Because today is the last day I'll be teaching him how to use the sword, I wanted to act seriously to scare him by showing the dignity of a father, but I didn't imagine that he would use magic against me with lightning reflexes.

 Not to attack me, but to restrain my movements by using magic.

 And, that is all different kinds of magic.

 "As expected of my son. His combat sense is amazing."

 Even though it was just an instant, I actually had to use 3 steps when I completely took him by surprise.

 Especially on the last step. If I had any hesitation, my legs would have been restrained and wiped out immediately.

 Taking 3 steps against a magician. If there were other companions, they would have covered his left and right to protect him. Or if he was further away, I would have needed a fourth step.

 I lost completely on the contents.

 Even if you just throw him into some party to search in a dungeon, he would be useful enough as a magician.

 "As expected of a genius who made a Water-Saint ranked magician lose her confidence……"

 My son is utterly terrifying.

 But, I'm delighted.

 In the past, I would have felt only jealousy when someone was more talented than me, but unexpectedly, when it comes to my son, I only feel pleased.

 "Ah, now is not the time to talk about this. If I don't hurry up Rawls and the rest are all going to come."

 I quickly tie my unconscious son up with rope, and throw him into the horse carriage which just arrived.

 The timing is just right, Rawls is coming over.

 Sylphy too.

 "Rudi!?"

 Sylphy sees the tied up Rudi and plans to rescue him. Suddenly casting intermediate ranked magic with voiceless incantations. Even though I easily avoid them, the magic has speed and power besides the voiceless incantation.

 If it was anyone else they would have probably died.

 What the heck did this Rudi teach?

 I pass the letter to Ghyslaine, placed Rudi in the horse carriage and told the driver to set off.

 I look towards the side, and Rawls is kneeling beside Sylphy teaching her something. That's right. Teaching is the parents' job. The portion that was given to Rudi must be taken back by your own hands, Rawls.

 I sigh, and use warm eyes to look at them, then I hear Sylphy's voice in the wind.

 "I understand. I will become strong to help Rudi……!!"

 Mmm, you're being loved, my son.

 Seeing this scene, my two wives come out from the house.

 Because it would be dangerous, I told them to watch from inside the house, but they are probably coming out now to see him off.

 "Ah, my cute Rudi's leaving."

 "Madam. This is training."

 "I know Lilia. Oooh, ooh Rudeus!! Go ahead and venture off child!! The poor me whose sole child has been snatched away!!"

 "Madam, young master is no longer the sole child."

 "That's true. There're already two sisters."

 "Two ……!! M-madam!!"

 "It's okay Lilia. I will also love your child!! Because, I, also love you!!"

 "Ooh!! Madam, me too!!"

 They act out such a scene while seeing the horse carriage off.

 Because Rudeus excels so much, these two shouldn't worry so much.

 But coming back to them, these two have such a good relationship. It would be nice if they were as good to me.

 Or should I say, I will be happy if they don't work together so well to bully me.

 "But when the other children grow up, Rudi won't be here…"

 Rudi seems to be planning to be a cool older onii-chan. Too bad.

 My cute daughters' love will be monopolized by me.

 Ho ho.

 Wait a minute. After this, Rudeus will receive training from the talented trainer Sword-king Ghyslaine.

 5 years later, he will be 12 years old. His body will be very fit.

 Once he returns he will be able to use magic and do a mock battle with me. Will I be able to win against Rudeus?

 Oh sheet. My dignity as a father will be in danger 5 years from now.

 "Mrs. Greyrat, and Lilia. Since Rudeus is gone, I want to start training a wee bit."

 Zenith shows a surprised look. Lilia whispers into Zenith's ears.

 "It's because he nearly lost to young master Rudeus. He's feeling danger now."

 "He's always been like that. He won't put in effort unless he nearly loses."

 Doh. This father's dignity is already in danger.

 (Well, it's not really a concern when it comes to dignity)

 Because I know how a father who always shows off his dignity looks like, I think from the bottom of my heart that I'll just be a useless Ossan who constantly has trouble with women. The target is a father who cares without being overbearing. At least before the 3 children become adults.

 I look at Zenith.

 Her body is good enough to let people feel that she hasn't given birth twice……

 (Well, that will be extended until she has the fourth or fifth. Hehe.)

 Putting aside the fourth or something.

 (Rudeus……)

 I also don't like that method.

 But, even if I tell you that you wouldn't listen, and I don't have the confidence to persuade you.

 But just watching and not doing anything would be a failure as parents. Since I don't have enough ability, I can only request other people, but that is it. Even though I did it with brute force, the intelligent you should be able to understand that……

 No, even if you don't understand that, it's okay.

 The things that will happen there will not be experienced in this village. Even if you don't understand, just react to the things in front of you and that will become your strength.

 So hate me.

 Hate me and curse that you're not capable of opposing me.

 That is how I grew up with my father oppressing me.

 Since I am unable to oppose my father, I left my home.

 I regretted over it and reflected over it. I don't wish for you to experience the same thing.

 But I got strength from leaving home.

 Even though I don't know if this strength can win against my father, I got the woman I want, protected the things I wanted to protect, and at least I was able to suppress my young son.

 If you want to oppose me, then go ahead.

 After you bring back strength.

 Gather enough strength that wouldn't lose against this brutish father.

 Looking out to Rudeus's horse carriage, Paul thinks that to himself.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
