Volume 13  4 — Magician of Persistence

Volume 13 Chapter 4 - Magician of Persistence

 

 Part 1

 It's my first time seeing Roxy in a while and she hasn't changed very much.

 Be it her age or her atmosphere, they were the same as always.

 It's probably just because the labyrinth trapped her for a month, I'm sure.

 The labyrinth considerably weakened her.

 The labyrinth wore down her cheeks, made bags under her eyes, loosened her braided hair, and dirtied her entirety, appearing almost like a vagrant child.

 Even then, Roxy’s “Roxyness” hadn't been lost or damaged at all.

 However, Gisu immediately gave out the judgement to return.

 I'm sure it's the correct decision.

 Talhand was carrying Roxy on his back as we returned above ground.

 I declared that I would like to carry Roxy, but by removing me from the combat potential, we wouldn't be able to escape the second floor.

 Therefore, it can't be helped.

 Letting this kind of man, who gives off a shaggy-haired impression, carry Roxy is just fine.

 I did have such feelings, but no one objected, including Roxy.

 "Excuse me, Talhand-san. I've troubled you."

 "It's fine. It's no good if I don't help you occasionally as well, Roxy."

 "Do I smell? Since it was enough for Rudi to vomit, I think it should be considerable, though."

 "Hahha, if I were to think this much stinks, then there's no way I could get by as an adventurer."

 Along the way, I heard such a conversation from nearby me.

 I had heard that Roxy and Talhand had traveled together for a long time.

 It was a conversation where I could feel that relationship of trust.

 It makes me a bit jealous.

 "Sensei. I didn't particularly vomit because sensei smells, you know?"

 Succumbing to my jealously, I called out behind me with my voice.

 Roxy took a glance in my direction, and then quickly turned her face away.

 "The… Then why did you vomit?"

 "Since the happiness of meeting with Roxy and the sadness of being forgotten were mixed together, my stomach ended up tightening up."

 "…It's not like I forgot about you. I just couldn't connect together the old cute Rudi and the current Rudi."

 Roxy grumbled that out and then, just like that, remained silent.

 Well, I've grown as well; I guess it can't be helped.

 "…"

 It was a short conversation, but hearing Roxy's voice for the first time in a while gives me a pleasant feeling in my ears that I might just rise up to heaven like that.

 Part 2

 With Roxy’s return, the housesitting group raised cheers of joy.

 Since they started exploring this labyrinth, it would be the first pleasant news, I guess.

 I just want to bury that news into a hole I've dug myself already though.

 No, I won't say it.

 Regardless of the cause, something happy is something happy.

 Lilia promptly put Roxy into the bath.

 During that time, I was trying to think of something I could do for Roxy's sake and was loitering around outside her room, but Vera drove me away.

 I guess it means you're not supposed to approach the room when a girl is in the middle of bathing.

 I absolutely did not have an ulterior motive.

 I just thought I wanted to do something for her sake.

 Really, just that.

 Although certainly, I do have a previous offense.

 This time, I'm innocent.

 I thought about asserting that, but I decided to let it pass.

 …No, this is fine.

 It's about me.

 Suddenly, I looked to my side and saw neatly folded laundry.

 It's not confined to my hand just like that grabbing the white cloth at the very top and putting it in my pocket.

 I can't afford to let the pitiful whispers of the past get to me.

 This time, it's "still" innocent.

 Thinking about it like that, this is fine.

 In order for Roxy to recover her strength, she needs several days of rest.

 Even though I say that, she's an adventurer as well.

 Without external wounds, she still has enough physical strength left to walk on her own.

 If she just eats some good food and gets sound sleep on a soft bed, I'm sure she'll soon make a comeback.

 It really doesn't seem like there's any problems.

 Nevertheless, I suddenly ended up showing Roxy my unsightly places.

 I hope she's not disillusioned.

 Suddenly vomiting was impolite.

 But, it was really a shock.

 Even though I never forgot about Roxy.

 I thought that Roxy forgot me.

 …Come to think of it, Sylphy also said she received a shock when she thought I forgot her.

 I wonder if Sylphy had these kinds of feelings at that time, as well.

 After I return, it won't be good if I don't apologize to her.

 Part 3

 Roxy continued to sleep for almost a full day.

 I'm sure it can't be helped after spending a month in a labyrinth filled with monsters.

 I was loitering around again in front of her room, in order to be the first one to say good morning, and Lilia drove me away again.

 Since I was able to get a fleeting glance at Roxy's peaceful sleeping face at that time, I decided it was fine.

 It would be good if she gets better soon.

 On the second day, Roxy got up.

 With a wobbling movement, she came over to the table where we were eating.

 "Good morning to you, Roxy-sensei…!"

 "Yes. Rudi… Rudeus-san, Good… morning."

 In this place, including me, there weren't more than four people.

 Elinalise, Paul, Talhand…

 Gisu and the other three were currently out shopping.

 The exploration group does nothing but rest at the time when they're in the city while the standby group moves around is the composition.

 Gisu is in the exploration group as well, but, for some reason, he also commands the standby group.

 A hard worker, or rather, that person sure is dedicated.

 Wouldn't it be better for him to just quit as an adventurer and become a manager?

 "Everyone…”

 Everyone here focused his or her gazes on Roxy.

 Roxy created a humble expression and then, matched her gaze and lowered her head with each person, one at a time.

 "This time, I've caused you quite a bit of trouble. I'm already fine."

 The responses to her actions were varied.

 One said it was fine, and put their hand around her shoulder.

 One nodded, and said it was only obvious.

 One drank some alcohol, and offered the alcohol bottle.

 One lost for words, and moved by her return.

 "Well, if you want to say your thanks, say it to Rudi. If he hadn't suddenly started saying something weird like, 'Tou-san, I can feel the presence of God,' and started breaking down the walls as he ran ahead, we probably wouldn't have found you alive after all."

 Going by the manner of speaking, Paul made it almost sound like I'm a dangerous person, but when entering the third floor, for some reason, I knew Roxy's location.

 Then, I had the premonition that Roxy had fallen into a dilemma.

 Since I felt it was an emergency, I proceeded straight towards the voice, not minding the danger of a cave-in.

 Straight ahead was a wall, but without minding it, I just blew it down and continued straight ahead.

 Why did I have that sort of premonition? I don't know.

 For some reason, I was convinced of it.

 I'm sure, the bond between Roxy and I brought us together.

 I'm sure that's the case. Yeah.

 I do, just a tiny bit, think that the Hitogami might have done something as well, but I won't believe it.

 My God is only one person.

 Wait a minute, if it comes down to that, that would mean this is the guidance of God as well.

 Then, there's already nothing strange at all.

 Just as I was thinking about that, while facing me, Roxy lowered her head a second time.

 "Umm, Rudeus-san, that is, thank you very much."

 …I wonder why…

 I feel an endless distance from Roxy.

 I know this sensation. I learned about it in school.

 It's the name formalities.

 It's because she's calling my name like that.

 It's because she's using reserved manners like Rudeus-san.

 "Please don't mind it; it's only natural after all. Rather than that, please call me Rudi like before."

 After saying that, Roxy somewhat cast her eyes down, and whispered a response.

 "Th… That kind of way to call you, isn't it too overly familiar?"

 "No way, saying it's something like over-familiar… If sensei was going to call me something like Rudeus-san then I might as well have tou-san call me Rudeus-san as well."

 "Hey now, what does that mean?"

 I didn't hear anything else, like Paul's comment.

 "Please call me Rudi like before, with familiarity in it. No matter how many years have passed already, Roxy Migurdia is my respected sensei after all."

 After saying that, Roxy blinked her eyes.

 Was I too thoughtless? Her face is red.

 I wonder if she has a fever or something.

 And then, she smacked her own cheeks.

 "Yes. That's right, isn't it…? Rudi."

 "Yes, sensei."

 Suddenly, almost as if she was ridiculing herself, Roxy looked at me while a smile floated up.

 That face was becoming somewhat red now.

 "Nevertheless, that is, you've gotten big."

 "I'm a human after all. It doesn't seem sensei has changed."

 "Yeah… just as small, as usual."

 "Though, I don't think you're as tiny as you say."

 "Is that so…"

 How nostalgic.

 If I close my eyes, I can vividly remember things about being together with Roxy.

 The day we met.

 The day I was first taught magic.

 The day I received the sacred object.

 The day I learned the Saint class magic.

 The day we separated.

 The days of exchanging letters.

 All of them are important memories.

 "Nevertheless, that was some magnificent magic. Even without me saying it, you seem to have properly been continuing your training. Was that Emperor ranked water magic?"

 "By that, which one do you mean?"

 I wonder if I used something like Emperor rank magic.

 "The magic at the time you saved me. That power, quick effectiveness, and range. It was splendid magic. Isn't that the Emperor rank magic I've heard about in rumors, [Absolute Zero]?"

 It's different.

 That was just a [Frost Nova].

 While moving through the second floor, I heard from Talhand that [Frost Nova] was an effective magic Roxy used, and I just used it as an imitation.

 But, Roxy was making a face completely like, [How about it? It's the correct answer, right?]

 I wonder if the correct option is to respond, [That's not it.]

 Roxy is a specialist in Water magic.

 For her to mistake the magic she saw, I wonder if that would embarrass her.

 I wonder if this is where I should call out black as white.

 Although, it's a lie that will be exposed quickly.

 Saying that's correct here and then secretly telling her it was a lie later would be the wise way of doing it, I'm sure.

 No, but, after hearing that it's Emperor class, what will I do if Roxy makes a displeased face?

 I had heard that my [Rock Bullet] had power matching Emperor class though, but in reality, I can't use magic that high rank.

 Hmmm. What should be done?

 "No, that was just a [Frost Nova]. Though, it seems to have a higher rank than the one Roxy used."

 "Ah… Is… Is that so? Excuse me."

 While I was hesitating, Talhand gave a response.

 Something about doing unnecessary things.

 Here I should follow up…

 "Really, Roxy is the same as always, isn't she? Although, I agree with the opinion that if it's Rudeus, it wouldn't be strange for him to use Emperor class magic."

 However, without a moment's delay Elinalise followed up.

 "After all, Rudeus is a magician who can put the entire Magic University into order with but a glance."

 Saying unnecessary things.

 And after looking around, everyone's gazes were gathering on me.

 All right, it's here.

 "The current me is here all thanks to sensei's education."

 After confidently saying that, Roxy was looking at me with suspicious eyes.

 "Rudi… That, I heard it in a variety of places, but do you really think that?"

 "It's only natural, right?"

 Roxy's teachings are my foundation.

 Go outside, talk to people.

 Get along with everyone, without prejudice.

 Always give it your best effort.

 Those teachings have taken root inside of me.

 For this reason, I was able to build up a good relationship with Ruijerd.

 There were certainly times where I didn't protect her teachings, but that is that.

 People aren't always able to maintain the highest state, after all.

 What's important isn't whether I was able to perfectly follow them.

 It's whether I use it as the foundations.

 In that sort of meaning, I respect Roxy.

 To the point where I want her autograph.

 "You've just been advancing me at your own convenience. Even without my teachings."

 Roxy laughed in self-ridicule.

 "Becoming this splendid. It's the exact opposite of someone like me, who got trapped in a labyrinth after making a mistake."

 And then, she fell prostrate on top of the table.

 I can see the whirl in her hair and it's a bit cute.

 "The Shisho is splendid and the disciple is splendid as well, isn't that fine?"

 The one who said that was Paul.

 He said something good.

 That's right, I'm not particularly splendid or anything, but Roxy is a splendid individual.

 So what if she's losing to her disciple on some small parts.

 Roxy can't be weighed against something like that.

 "Without Roxy, we wouldn't be here. Be more confident in yourself."

 It seems with Paul's words, Roxy recovered a bit.

 Raising her body and she was nodding deeply.

 Part 4

 Afterwards, we started up a meeting after Gisu returned.

 A gathering where everyone shows their face, including the standby group.

 "It's while keeping an eye on Roxy's condition, but I'm thinking we'll do the next exploration in three days."

 The director Gisu was informing us of this.

 "Isn't that a bit too fast?"

 The one who responded like that was Paul.

 Exploring a labyrinth unexpectedly wears down on your nerves.

 Especially a place like the Teleport Labyrinth that are filled with traps, where you have no choice other than to fight, while being careful not to take a wrong step while fighting.

 Still putting aside the rear guard, like myself, the burden on the two advance guards is big, I'm sure.

 "It's better for Roxy to enter a labyrinth sooner, rather than later, to correct herself."

 "Hn? Ah, I see, I get it now. Certainly, that's true."

 Paul nodded, but, I couldn't agree with it a bit.

 Isn't it severe on Roxy, as well, to suddenly re-enter after her life was in danger?

 "Doesn't sensei need just a bit more rest for a short while?"

 "Hn? Ah… Senpai might not know this, but if a time comes up when you almost die in a labyrinth, if you don't re-enter it soon after you'll catch a curse that will make it so you can never enter a labyrinth again."

 "Curse? Is there that sort, as well?"

 "Yeah, I don't really know why, but after you’re imprisoned in a labyrinth and fearful of death, you end up being unable to do anything, it seems."

 Ah. I've read about something like that in a manga, in my previous life.

 A variety of panic disorder.

 The so-called PTSD.

 As a medical treatment to cope with it, I have heard that it's good to repeat the mistake you made soon after to cure it, as well.

 I guess that means those sorts of things are the same in every world.

 "Besides, Senpai is a beginner at labyrinths. It'll be better to enter a number of times at a short pace, to gain some experience, I'm sure."

 "I see now, that makes sense."

 After that conversation, the surrounding faces all opened their mouths.

 "I can lecture, if it's on moving while using both attack and healing magic."

 "It's probably better not to use the method Rudi used, or breaking down walls, to advance very much. There's the danger of a collapse."

 "If you'd like, I can go to the front."

 "I just thought, but Paul would you like to switch positions with me?"

 Everyone had started talking about their impressions from last time and opinions on next time- Gisu, the director, was putting them into order.

 Everyone's serious.

 I thought it would be done more on the spot, but it seems that isn't the case.

 Even if it's rotten, this is still a party of S rank adventurers, I guess.

 In regards to this meeting, the things I had to say were few.

 It was just to the level of others asking about my thoughts on entering a labyrinth for my first time.

 They're pros, I'm an amateur.

 No matter how good I am with magic, I'm sure, it's no good if I forget about that premise.

 Even if it went well the last time, it's not limited to going well this time as well.

 "For the time being, next time I'd like to advance to clearing the third floor- it's dependent on the developments- but I'd at least like to search until we find the magic circle to the fourth floor, is that fine?"

 "No objections."

 Fundamentally, we continue ahead until we find the stairs to the next floor, and then decide whether we'll continue or return later.

 In the case that we return later, afterwards, we take a straight line back to the point where we made it last time, and advance the exploration.

 Last time, we descended down to the third floor, all at once, but it isn't limited to this time.

 Since it seems that the longer a trip runs the greater probability that we'll fall into a trap, I guess, we greatly desire speed.

 "Come to think of it, according to the book it seems the fourth floor gives off a completely different feeling. Becoming like ruins or something."

 "In other words, it could be possible that there's a newer section as well."

 "Hn…Well, that's what we should consider next time after the third floor. Next time it's the third floor."

 "Yeah."

 It seems when labyrinths, which exist for a long time, attach to adjacent labyrinths, they become situations with two magic crystals at the heart.

 In such labyrinths, it seems the feeling of the labyrinth changes midway through it.

 It seems that such a characteristic matches up with the Teleport Labyrinth.

 Even though I say that, it seems that not all labyrinths with those characteristics have two magic crystals either.

 It's only limited to being a possible problem.

 According to the book, there should only be one magic crystal in the Teleport Labyrinth.

 However, there's the possibility that it wasn't originally a teleport labyrinth but just a normal labyrinth you can find anywhere else. Then it collided with some kind of ruins, and became the teleport labyrinth, as well.

 Some kind of ruins.

 Right, for example, teleport ruins.

 "What is that, a book you say?"

 And there Roxy voiced a question.

 "It's a book that Rudi brought along; it seems to be a memo of some fellows that cleared down to the lowest level of the teleport labyrinth. Roxy you should read it as well."

 Gisu handed over the book in question to Roxy.

 "He~, there was this sort of thing… I understand, I'll carefully read through it tomorrow."

 It seems Roxy's plan for tomorrow is reading.

 Then I'll stay in the inn as well.

 I want to talk with Roxy more.

 Though I don't know what would be good to talk about with Roxy?

 If she's reading the book, then I guess it would be fine to talk about the contents of that book.

 The asking Roxy and the teaching I. Yeah, that's nice. Quite nice.

 "Well then, it's about the formation, but let's tamper with it a bit. Talhand, take over."

 While I was thinking that, the topic progressed to the next stage.

 Talhand cleared his voice with a [Cough].

 This man decides the formation.

 It's because he was in the very back and saw over the scene the most.

 "Hmm, leave it to me."

 Nevertheless, he stinks of alcohol.

 This man always smells like alcohol.

 When it comes to night Gisu drinks as he's bathing in it as well, but Talhand continues to drink throughout the day.

 Although, once we start exploring the labyrinth he stops drinking for a period.

 I wonder if he's a man capable of switching habits ON and OFF.

 "The basics won't change from how they were until now."

 Prepared on the table was a paper with two lines drawn on it and small stones with different colors.

 First Talhand placed the light blue stone.

 "First, just the same before, Roxy is the rear guard."

 "Yes."

 Roxy nodded.

 And then, right next to that he placed a grey stone.

 "Rudeus is Roxy's support. Roxy is the type that makes mistakes when things happen outside of her assumptions, but Rudeus possesses the "foresight" demon eye. Unlike his age he's considerably calm as well, he should be able to keep any mistakes in check beforehand."

 "…Yes."

 It's a remark almost as if Roxy isn't composed enough.

 I'd like to object, but Roxy did make a mistake and step on a teleport magic circle after all.

 It will become a snake in the bush.

 But, after giving it some thought…

 I can't predict things that I can't see with my foresight eye.

 In other words, I have no choice other than to watch Roxy.

 If I think of it, it’s a just cause to have Roxy always in my field of vision while in the middle of exploring the labyrinth- it's not bad in my regard.

 Imagining myself watching Roxy, I start to feel happier after all.

 "Let's try having Paul and Elinalise change places. Paul is in front and Elinalise is in the back."

 While saying that, Talhand switched the red stone, Paul, with the yellow stone, Elinalise.

 Even though that's the case, they're almost side-by-side.

 I'm sure it's more of a change of roles.

 Previously, their main roles were Elinalise being the shield and Paul being the support, but this time it's the reverse.

 Paul is the main shield, and Elinalise is the support.

 "Gisu is the same as previously."

 Talhand placed the light brown stone far ahead.

 And then, finally he put his own stone protecting the middle.

 "I don't think it will be necessary, but there's a large number of enemies on the third floor. I'll become a wall between the rear guard and advance guard."

 Scout: Gisu

 Advance Guard: Paul (Main) and Elinalise (Support)

 Middle Guard: Talhand

 Rear Guard: Roxy (Main) and Rudeus (Support)

 It's become this formation.

 Excluding Gisu, it's become a feeling kind of like the Five Bamboo mahjong tile.

 The formation of Windbreaker might be close.

 "Are there any comments?"

 I raised my hand to those words.

 "Is it fine to assume my fundamental role hasn't changed?"

 "Humu. In regards to the minor coordination, it would be good to talk it out well with Roxy."

 After hearing those words, I look at Roxy.

 She looked at me and, with a somewhat nervous expression, swallowed deeply with a [Gokuri].

 "I understand. Sensei, I'm in your care."

 "Yes, look after me as well. I'll give it my best to not drag your feet down."

 Rather, the one who would be the one pulling legs down would be me, though.

 I wish Roxy would be more confident than she is.

 Certainly, in terms of aggregate magic power and the number of magic that we can use, I might win.

 However, higher strength status doesn't decide everything.

 By adding in experience, she truly displays the real worth of strength.

 If we were to consider those, I think Roxy is above me.

 She remained trapped in the Teleport Labyrinth for a month, and she continued to fight there until the end. Not to mention Roxy's mentality; that she'll even go back down again only a few days after it like nothing happened is amazing.

 If it was me, and I got into her severe situation, then I'm sure I'd vow to never go into a labyrinth again.

 The wise man does not approach danger.

 It's fine to rephrase it as chicken.

 I'm a coward.

 "Alright, this side should be fine like this. Next is talking about the standby group."

 After that, Gisu quickly gave out directions to the standby group.

 Gisu handed a list to Vera for things to buy while we're exploring. Shera described Roxy's condition and then prepared medical treatment items based on Zenith's expected conditions.

 And then, Gisu asked Lilia to do a good job putting the other two into order.

 If the Exploration Group Leader is Gisu, then the Standby Group Leader would be Lilia.

 Then the Party Leader is Paul.

 If you were to ask what this leader does, it would be making the final decisions and a roll call.

 "Alright, then everyone: in preparation for three days from now- disperse."

 With Paul's command, we all broke up.

 Part 5

 Next day.

 I was loitering around (again) in the surroundings of Roxy who was reading on the first floor of the inn.

 I wanted her to ask me if there was anything she didn't know.

 Not anyone else, but me.

 "Umm, Rudi…”

 "Yes, what is it? Sensei!"

 "You're distracting me wandering around in front of me."

 Roxy said that while smiling bitterly.

 "Please excuse me."

 I lowered my head and planned to leave that place.

 I see.

 I'm distracting her.

 That's right, isn't it? I'm just a hindrance to her reading, aren't I?

 It's no good to be a hindrance.

 That's not my real intention.

 I just wanted to be of help to sensei.

 But, it can't be helped.

 If I'm a hindrance, then it can't be helped.

 I'll go somewhere.

 That's right, I'll go to some kind of unpopular bar.

 Occasionally, it might be good to drink alone.

 Let's do that.

 "Rudi."

 However, there I heard a voice call out to me from behind.

 "If you have the spare time to keep wandering around, there are various points in this book that I don't get. So, please tell me…"

 "Yes!"

 I immediately sat down next to Roxy.

 I think it was the fastest Mach in the world.

 If I had a dog's tail attached, I'm sure it would appear to be floating in the air from how fast it would be wagging around.

 "Where is it? Please ask anything."

 Ah… at any rate, Roxy is really small.

 I'm sure it's in part related to the fact that my body is bigger, though.

 If I were to put her on top of my lap, I'm sure I would snugly be able to wrap her up.

 I'm sure she would get angry if I were to place her there, though…

 "…"

 And then I look, Roxy is looking at me with slanted, upturned eyes.

 "What's wrong, sensei?"

 After asking that, Roxy quickly turned away and faced the book.

 "No, it's nothing at all. It's about this part though…”

 Before one knows, I've considerably outgrown her after all.

 She might be mortified over it.

 It seems she's bothered over her short height after all.

 While such exchanges continued, I spent almost a full day reading together with Roxy.

 I'm satisfied.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
