Volume 13  5 — Without a Hitch

Volume 13 Chapter 5 - Without a Hitch

 

 Part 1

 Including Roxy, the exploration of the labyrinth restarted.

 Just according to schedule, we descended down to the third floor, all at once.

 The enemies on the third floor are Tarantula Deathlords, Iron Crawlers, and the additional Mad Skulls.

 Mad Skulls are A rank monsters.

 Their outer appearance is of a giant mud-golem with no neck.

 The height, I would say, is around 2.5 meters.

 They appear quite wide and solid as well.

 Somewhere around their chest they have a skull buried, and that is the weak point.

 I guess that's right, Ja*ra or Sa*eru might be close.

 Although their movements are dull, no matter how much you attack the mud parts, it has no effect; and if it comes down to a dangerous situation, the skull in its chest hides further inside of its body.

 In regards to attack methods, other than attacking people physically with its body it uses magic almost like a rock bullet, as well.

 However, the reason why it is included as A rank, isn't that.

 Monsters of low intelligence obey its commands.

 The iron crawlers and the tarantula deathlords become the servants to the mad skull.

 In contrast to its golem-like outer appearance, it has high intelligence. It uses the iron crawlers as an advance guard, has tarantulas protect the middle, and it stands as rear guard in the formation as intruders attack.

 Mad Skull is a command-type monster.

 The iron crawler’s stampede combined with the tarantulas’ sticky web entangle is the tactic from the second floor.

 On the deeper floors, Mad Skull joins the fray, and they give out commands while using rock bullets.

 For Paul and the others who were having a hard fight on the second floor, I'm sure these tactics were severe.

 Despite fighting with all their might, they should have had no leeway to search for Roxy at all.

 Nevertheless, with the addition of Roxy and I, we solve this problem.

 Then, the monsters protecting the middle, the spiders, are no big deal. So, we take the initiative with Roxy as the advance guard, finishing the iron crawlers, and myself as the rear guard, attacking the mad skulls, and it works fine.

 Paul and the other two are plenty to deal with the spiders.

 Since I'm in the back and Roxy is in front of me,

 Then, Paul and the others decrease the number of enemies.

 Mad Skulls are weak to water,

 Because they're mud after all.

 If you increase their water content, they end up flowing away.

 Otherwise, it's fire.

 Drying out the mud, they become unable to move.

 However, rock bullet works fine for me.

 If I focus using the demon eye, I can snipe their weak point, the skull, with a single [Rock Bullet].

 One shot, one kill, I'd say.

 I'm a skilled sniper. But, I'm just a hornworm, or camper, who won't move from spawn point.

 "Fu…"

 After annihilating the enemies, Roxy let out a sigh.

 I peek at her face which looks out from under the brim of her hat.

 I'm sure her magic power is decreasing; it's a somewhat tired face.

 Suddenly, Roxy faces my direction.

 While looking up at me with somewhat slanted, upturned eyes,

 After our eyes met, she quickly avoided eye contact,

 "Before long, I'm going to be out of magic power. Please allow some break time."

 With those words, we take a break until we return to the passage.

 On my end, I still have plenty of room in my aggregate magic power.

 Rather, it probably hasn't even decreased by half yet.

 Fundamentally, I haven't even used anything but [Rock Bullet] either.

 Roxy is the one freezing the enemies using [Frost Nova], it can't be helped; her exhaustion is fast.

 "Excuse me, because the amount of my magic power is insufficient,"

 Roxy said that with a sigh while sitting down.

 "No, though I think you have plenty."

 Roxy's precision with her magic is extremely high.

 With shortened incantations, she's completely using ranged magic and she is perfect.

 Occasionally, even though the spray from [Water Splash] may get on Paul and the others, but after that, her [Icicle Field] freezes only the enemies, with a surprising precision.

 Speaking of precision, in other words, it means limiting magic power.

 Even though that's the case, she's continued to fight for a considerably long period.

 It's, by no means, because her amount of magic power is insufficient.

 Most likely, it's equal to or even above the amount of Sylphy.

 "Well then, it's about the time I'd like for the magic circle to the fourth floor to be found, I'd say,"

 Gisu compared the book to the map while scratching his chin.

 After going down to the third floor, the second day since we entered will soon pass.

 According to the author of the book, the number of days it takes to clear the third floor is five days.

 Although our pace is faster than they are, and after visiting the third floor a number of times, the map is well done, as well.

 I'm sure the magic circle to the next floor will be found soon.

 "Rudi, is it fine for me to borrow your back for a bit?" Roxy asked.

 "Please do."

 After responding, Roxy leaned on my back.

 In the middle of break time, Roxy rests while drooping onto my back.

 Rather than leaning against a cave wall, I'm sure leaning against a person's back is more restful.

 The so-called side benefit,

 "Nevertheless, I never thought I would get to see Rudi enter a labyrinth."

 "That's right. Is there any kind of advice you have for me?"

 "Eh… Since Rudi's basic movements, in regards to the party, are well done, there's nothing to say."

 "Thank you very much."

 "Chantless magic has an extremely high precision. It sure is amazing."

 "No, I still have a ways to go."

 Still a ways,

 Right, still a ways to go,

 After looking at Roxy, I really feel that way.

 She doesn't increase the number of cards she has in her hand, but increases the number of things she can do.

 Then, by combining the cards she has, she overwhelms the opponent.

 In the past, I used to do that as well, but at some point unaware, it had become where all I use is [Rock Bullet] and [Quagmire].

 It's no good like this, but against opponents to some level, it will win the battle.

 Even though I say that, it's not strong against opponents who use clever techniques, based on that assumption.

 My tactics are perfect against no opponents, as well,

 The objective is high and there’s no objective in front of my eyes.

 Like this, I can't improve anymore.

 "Rudi."

 "What is it?"

 "If, we're able to save Zenith-san and you have spare time, would you like to explore a labyrinth together with me?"

 "Just the two of us?"

 "Yes. Right now, we're in a cornered situation, in terms of time, but exploring a labyrinth is interesting. Wouldn't you like forming a party with the two of us, and entering an easier labyrinth?"

 Labyrinths, huh.

 Honestly, if Gisu weren't here, then I feel like I would quickly step into a trap, though.

 However, Roxy is a person that is able to explore labyrinths alone.

 Well, she's a bit clumsy, but she has actual results, as well.

 If I follow along with her, I'm sure we could possibly conquer one.

 "That's fine. After we return, let's enter a labyrinth together."

 "It's a promise."

 "Yeah, it's a promise."

 In the corner of my field of vision, I saw Roxy's hand relax a bit.

 "…Ah, I'm feeling a bit sleepy; I'll sleep for a bit."

 "Yes, good night."

 After saying that, I felt Roxy get comfortable and the power disappear from her back.

 I responded on momentum, but exploring a labyrinth requires a considerable number of days.

 For me, who has no choice other than to raise a child, I wonder if I'll have that kind of time.

 …Well, it's not a conversation for right away.

 It will be fine if I have spare time.

 After my child is born and it becomes a bit bigger, Sylphy and I will have more flexibility.

 I'm sure by that time, I'll be over twenty years old, but, well, I'm sure there's no problem.

 Nevertheless, I'm happy.

 Being invited to a party by Roxy,

 It feels like she recognizes my ability.

 It would be good if I were careful to show her my good parts only.

 While thinking such things, I slept for a bit as well.

 Part 2

 After discovering the magic circle to the fourth floor, we thoroughly searched around the third floor.

 However, we never saw the shadow or shape of Zenith.

 ---

 We've arrived at the fourth floor.

 The instant we came out of the teleport magic circle, at a glance, the surroundings had undergone a complete change from previous floors.

 I have a recollection of those stone constructed walls.

 As I thought, it's similar to the ruins where the teleport magic circle was.

 I wonder if the same type of ruin ended up becoming a labyrinth.

 "Gisu, what should we do?" Paul asked.

 "Hn? We still have a bit more time."

 "All right, then after we check the atmosphere of the fourth floor, we'll return once."

 Paul said that with a sharp face, while I was looking around the surroundings restlessly.

 No matter how you look at the times when he's down, Paul is a failure as a human, but, during the times he's properly doing his job, Paul sure is cool.

 I don't think it's strange at all that Zenith would fall for Paul after seeing his figure, as well.

 If I have his blood flowing through me as well, then that compliment Sylphy often says to me might be her true feelings.

 "Sensei, when I'm putting on a serious face, am I cool?"

 Suddenly, I asked Roxy something like that.

 It might have been a bit narcissistic.

 Roxy glanced over towards me from under her hat’s brim and stuttered,

 "Eh? Ah, uh… umm. We… Well, cool? I guess?"

 And then quickly turned her face away,

 Okay.

 Just that reaction is plenty.

 Roxy conveyed the feeling.

 I asked something that was hard to respond to, didn't I?

 Excuse me. It seems I was getting a bit too full of myself.

 But, if Roxy were to suddenly girlishly ask, "Am I cute?" with both hands carrying light sticks, I would affirm that with an elevated cheer from the front seat.

 Men aren't cool by their face alone.

 It's their heart.

 Heaving a heart of steel that burns red with fever is essential.

 Every one hit by such a heart will be knocked out in a single hit.

 "Rudi, it's the enemy."

 After looking ahead, there were two armored monsters, each with four arms, walking towards us.

 The Armored Warriors,

 For the time being, it seems these types of armors are of the undead attribute.

 And then, I’ve learned what works well on the undead is Rock or Holy attacks.

 If you fire a somewhat large [Rock Bullet] with a good amount of mass, then generally everything will be blown to pieces in a single hit.

 "I'll preemptively attack it with a [Rock Bullet]."

 "Ah, Rudi, that's no good."

 Just as I was preparing my staff, Roxy stopped me.

 "I've heard that Armored Warriors use the techniques of the Water God style. If you carelessly fire off magic, then a counter will come flying back."

 Water God style,

 I haven't encountered it very often, but it's a style of swordsmanship that focuses on warding off and countering.

 Warding off and countering Water God style, for some reason, works effectively even against magic, as well.

 I don't really know specifically how to become like that, but others say they have a sword technique that allows them to counter attack magic and send it flying back.

 Even if it's the usual situation, then I would still feel it's fine, but the opponent is holding four swords.

 Since it's not a human, it might take on four opponents simultaneously and match up counters for all them.

 "I see- then what should I do?"

 "Stop its feet and provide backup. Since it's the first monsters, for starters, proceed with caution."

 "Understood, Tou-san, I'm going to use [Quagmire], please be careful of your step!"

 "Sure!"

 The armor type monsters have power and they are absurdly skilled with the sword as well, but their legs are slow.

 Also, the armor is heavy and it should sink easily into the mud.

 Even though I say that, if I don't release a deep-set [Quagmire] then there's the possibility it might escape, as well.

 I don't think it will lead to a cave-in so easily, but it's still better to minimize magic that changes the terrain.

 About to the knees, I guess.

 "[Quagmire]!"

 Just as the Armored Warrior was about to take a step forward, the quagmire was created.

 Both of those fellows sank up to their thighs into the mud.

 From there our formation’s two advance guards sprang into action.

 "Paul. I'll go in from the left."

 "Understood, you always take the left, don't you?"

 "If my sword is on the side with the wall, then it's difficult to move."

 "Just being selfish now… and whoa, how dangerous!"

 It seems Paul has plenty of composure.

 While warding off the Armored Warrior's sword strike with the sword in his right hand, the dagger in his left hand has already cut off one of the arms in a flash.

 The armor seems quite solid, but it seems that has no effect.

 Swordsmen of the Sword God style are monsters.

 And, maybe that dagger's cutting edge is razor-sharp, I wonder.

 It seems Elinalise is somewhat being suppressed.

 By no means is she taking any large attacks, but with her attack power, she can't effectively damage them.

 "Let's support them. Rudi, let's simultaneously fire off magic: on Elinalise-san's side."

 "Understood,"

 I prepare my staff.

 What I'm using is [Rock Bullet].

 If it's right now, when its legs are stopped, then it can't evade, as well.

 Just, exactly how much speed it can ward off, I won't know unless I try it.

 "Talhand-san!"

 "Sure!"

 Talhand prepared his shield and stood in front of us.

 If a sword attack comes flying towards us, it seems Talhand intends to be the barrier.

 As long as he doesn't die instantly, I'll use advanced healing magic.

 It would be good, as long as he can avoid getting hit in a vital point.

 "[Rock Bullet], [Stone Cannon]!"

 "Gallant sword of ice, I seek conviction of this one! [Icicle Edge]!"

 Timing it in sync with Roxy, we fired off at the same time.

 A bullet-type shell and blade of ice like Ultra Slash went flying.

 The armor instantly moved to ward those attacks off.

 Just as two of the swords moved, and were preparing to intercept the attack, Elinalise attacked using her shield with good timing, causing its stance to collapse.

 The rock bullet blew off one of the armor’s arms and the ice blade deeply pierced the chest of the armor.

 The armor stopped moving and soon after crumbled into scattering pieces.

 Simultaneously Paul's fight ended, as well.

 "As expected, after it reaches A rank then it won't so easily be defeated."

 Though I said that, the actual amount of time we spent fighting was just about a minute.

 Although we weren't able to defeat it in a single hit, it didn’t even enter the realm of a hard fight.

 As expected of one who has reached Advanced with all three of the major swordsmanship styles.

 In terms of talent, I'm sure it was enough that he could have made it to the level of Saint.

 No, in reality, Paul might already be as strong as a Saint rank.

 Something like the strengths of people can't be measured well in terms of rank after all.

 "Tou-san, could it be, you've gotten a bit stronger since last time?"

 Ah, no good,

 I said something that might make him get full of himself.

 A grand story of bragging might start up.

 "Hn? No, that's not the case; almost to the point that I feel weaker than me in the past."

 However, without even grinning, Paul only took one glance over here, and then faced ahead.

 "Now, without being negligent, let's go."

 With Paul's words, I came to my senses.

 That's right.

 Right now, we're in the middle of a labyrinth, we have no choice other than to stay on guard.

 Nevertheless, Paul today sure is cool.

 I'm sure if I were to tell Norn about these adventures with Paul, she would be delighted.

 "Oh my?"

 By chance, Elinalise peeked at Paul's face.

 And then put her hand to her mouth and lightly laughed.

 "Oh Paul you, what are you grinning about? It's disgusting."

 "It's fine for you not to put those kinds of things into words."

 "You must have been quite happy to be praised by Rudeus, weren't you? I understand it. [Giggle]."

 "Shut it… won't you be silent?"

 I retract my previous statement.

 As I thought, Paul is being Paul.

 After that, we defeated a number of Armored Warriors and Mad Skulls, and then we decided to return.

 Walking back, it took roughly 15 hours.

 As expected, labyrinths sure are time-consuming.

 I wonder if Zenith is all right, as we’re slowly progressing like this.

 No, being impatient and becoming stranded, as Roxy did, or worse, are some things to avoid.

 We must move with caution.

 Right now, it seems to be going well.

 While remaining tense, we're not overly jumpy; we still have some leeway in mind.

 Our condition is the greatest balance.

 Continuing just like this is for the best, I'm sure.

 Part 3

 After returning once, we'll inspect our equipment and such, and then we'll come back.

 After returning, we started a meeting right away.

 And from there, we proceeded to buy a number of essential things.

 Since we were running out of scrolls for the light spirits, I started drawing more.

 As expected of the Labyrinth City Lapan, they sell parchments and dyes for drawing magic circles, so I can make them with no problem.

 If I make one then, after that, Shera-san can learn and do the rest.

 It seems Shera-san did work for the Milis Church, drawing things like scrolls, so it's a specialty of hers.

 She said she could make about 50 of them, working today.

 How dependable.

 Gisu bought some chemicals that were strong against armor type monsters.

 If you land a hit, then, supposedly the joint parts coil up and its movements get slower.

 Since they're heavy, I suggested putting something like oil on the ground to make them fall, and Gisu, laughing, said Paul would trip.

 After I responded with an, “I see,” he laughed even more.

 Paul and Elinalise were viewing over the available swords for sale.

 It seems they're searching for a good bargain sword for Elinalise to use.

 Her estoc is a magic item imbued with magic power.

 If you swing it, it has the ability to send a vacuum blade flying from the tip.

 But, since the previous labyrinth run, it's inconvenient when the opponents are Armored Warriors.

 Even if it weren't for them, there's the Iron Crawlers as well; using her estoc is somewhat of a hard fight against armored opponents.

 I understand that.

 It seems the dagger that Paul uses in his left hand is a magic item bought in Lapan.

 Its ability is [Armor Break]; where the harder the opponent’s armor is, the sharper the cutting edge gets.

 It's a considerably rare ability.

 The ability is so uncommon that the sellers sold it as a bargain item, as the sellers treated the dagger as a dull blade and said it can’t even cut dried meat.

 Paul said something like, "My keen insight noticed this sword’s ability."

 However, I know it.

 This ability was the same mentioned as a warrior’s weapon in the [Legend of Perugius] that I read in Buina village.

 That, although the warrior’s sword can't even cut through dried meat, when matched against a clump of steel it easily slices it in half; it's a demon sword.

 There's no doubt. It caught Paul's attention at the "can’t even cut dried meat" part.

 But well, it does explain why he can display such a high attack power against those Armored Warriors.

 The fact that it's effective even in his non-dominant hand means it really is strong.

 Elinalise bought a one-handed Gladius.

 The ability [Shock Wave] imbues within the Gladius. When one pierces with it, it releases a force.

 The damage isn't high, but it seems like you can use it in an instant to send the opponent flying backwards and make some distance.

 Since it's something that has an ability with practical use, it seems to have a considerably high price, but, with several round magic crystals from her bag, Elinalise bought it.

 Those magic crystals: How many does she have?

 During the night, Talhand and Roxy drank alcohol together.

 And since others consider me an adult now, I can drink some alcohol, as well.

 Even though I say that, it's not as if I can get dead drunk in front of Roxy as well.

 Just to the level of socializing,

 The subject was supposed to be how to arrange the three of us magicians, but at some point, it seemed to change into a lecture on 「what it means to be a man」 by Talhand-sensei.

 A man is, in other words, muscle, one within whom flesh and a heart of gold dwells- that kind of story.

 It's not a conversation for magicians to have.

 However, it was a conversation of interest.

 That's right isn't it; after all, it's no good if men aren't sturdy.

 Well, it seems Roxy didn't care around that point and started to get tired.

 It can't be helped.

 After spending such a day off and then being told, "Have a safe trip," by Lilia, we re-entered the labyrinth.

 Part 4

 We were able to easily break through to the fourth floor.

 In part, it was because of our improved equipment and preparations, but we were lucky, as well.

 We were able to arrive at the goal in almost a straight line.

 In terms of time, it was only about three hours, I'd say.

 We almost didn't encounter any monsters, as well.

 Temporarily, we returned to the fourth floor and started walking around to fill in the map.

 After all, there was no sight of Zenith.

 After that, we returned once again, and then started to clear the fifth floor.

 In addition, to the Mad Skull and Armored Warriors, the Little Devils appear on the fifth floor.

 Little Devils are demons with large mouths with sharp fangs.

 With long limbs, they cling to the ceiling using their sharp claws.

 If I were to put it into a single word, they give off a creepy feeling, kind of like a certain Alien.

 Although it doesn't have a frightening outer appearance to that extent, though, Little Devils are a strong enemy.

 After all, they move by crawling along the cave’s ceiling and walls.

 The fact that they travel along the ceiling and walls means that the formation is useless.

 They can pass by Paul and Elinalise fighting the Armored Warriors and come up to our place.

 A spectacle that almost gives one chills.

 We managed to defend against the first attack.

 The Little Devil itself isn't very difficult.

 It has speed and its attack power seems high, as well, but its defense is low; and it's not tough at all.

 If we knock it off the ceiling then Elinalise can take the initiative using her new weapon, and the matter ends with no problem.

 We can defeat the Little Devils.

 Even if Little Devils are A rank and despite getting used to their eccentric movements, the Armored Warriors are arguably a far more difficult enemy with their ability.

 However, keeping your gaze above is no good.

 If you were to only keep cautiously watching above, you might not notice the traps on the ground.

 If you carelessly step in a teleport trap, there's the possibility you might get teleported to a strange place, as well.

 "Well then, shall we use that?"

 Usually this is where we would return once and be troubled over it; but we have the labyrinth book.

 In the book [Exploration Record of the Teleport Labyrinth] there's written a groundbreaking method to deal with the Little Devils.

 They absolutely hate the scent of a certain seed.

 The Tarufuro berry is sold as a food, and apparently, if you burn it as an incense, the Little Devils end up coming down from the ceiling to the ground.

 Not to mention they crouch close to the ground, changing their posture to best escape from the unpleasant smoke.

 For that purpose, it makes fighting exceedingly simple.

 If it's like this, then let alone B rank, they're closer to C rank,

 The author of this book really did an amazing job investigating.

 Since that's the case, we cleared the fifth floor in no time at all, as well.

 Without finding the magic circle to the next floor, we ended up having to walk around quite a bit; our goal isn't to clear the labyrinth but to search for Zenith.

 There’s no problem at all.

 Rather, you could say it's convenient.

 Part 5

 And then, we arrived at the sixth floor.

 "Gisu, how about it?"

 "We can do it."

 Skipping the subject in response to Paul's question, Gisu gave a short reply.

 There was almost no exhaustion.

 Preparations were perfect.

 We have momentum right now as well.

 "Alright, then without returning, we'll keep going like this."

 "Understood."

 We did the preparations and we're not exhausted.

 Then, there's no need to return.

 The exploration continues.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
