Volume 13  6 — Magic Circle on the Sixth Floor

Volume 13 Chapter 6 - Magic Circle on the Sixth Floor

 

 Part 1

 We arrived on the sixth floor.

 There were an excessively large number of Little Devils on the sixth floor.

 The appearance of Armored Warriors ceased and it's become nothing but Little Devils.

 Since we have that one incense, you could say its become even easier.

 However, nevertheless, the numbers are huge.

 It's almost enough to make you wonder why there's this many Little Devils.

 We identified that reason after we made it to the vicinity of the innermost parts.

 In the innermost parts, the rooms continuing on the way to the magic circle were the Little Devil's nests.

 A large number of Little Devils crowded together and in the corners of each room, there were a countless numbers of eggs.

 Those dark oblong eggs, covered in mucus, were just like the eggs of that black and quick fellow; just by looking at them, I got chills.

 I wonder if it could be that, there's a queen somewhere and Zenith is being used as the seedbed.

 Though I was having such scenes float into my imagination, it seems Little Devils have no such trait.

 Though they do seem to be swarming, there doesn't seem to be any specific boss.

 However, then where did these kinds of monsters come from and where are they planning to go?

 Even though there's this number of monsters, it's not like there's very much food, either.

 "Roxy-sensei, monsters… what do they eat in order to survive?"

 "…I guess that's right. There are a variety of theories, but it's often said that they live by feeding on magic power."

 "Magic power, is it?"

 In forests and caves that have a high concentration of magic power, there are more monsters, as well.

 Once, Nanahoshi said that all manner of things in this world have magic power dwelling inside, as well.

 However, magic power is invisible to the naked eye.

 It's hard to understand if it even exists or not.

 No, for the time being, magic’s existence should be proved with the Magic Power Eye that can see it.

 Supposing it’s possible for them to eat magic power, then why wouldn't they just take a bite out of self-made magic?

 If not, there exist types of magic power that monsters can and cannot consume.

 In the past, I think I once heard from Paul that monsters target the magic crystals deep inside of labyrinths.

 I wonder if magic crystals are feast-worthy for monsters.

 But, for that to be the case, it seems like the monsters in here do not target it.

 It feels like, to the end, they're just making nests and living here.

 I wonder if they're content with just living here.

 Well, it really can't be helped, thinking about things like that.

 After all, there are monsters that clearly can't eat anything like armor.

 It's fine to leave the ecology of monsters to a monster scholar.

 "Well, regardless of what they eat, it doesn't change the fact that they attack people on sight. Let's destroy the eggs as we find them, since they seem like they'll be a hindrance the next time we enter."

 While saying that, Roxy indifferently started to dispose of the Little Devil eggs.

 Without using magic,

 While using a dagger, she went around stabbing them, one at a time.

 It's truly a dry expression.

 That is also good.

 However, I guess monsters give birth to eggs as well.

 I wonder if Armored Warriors have some kind of larva as well.

 I wonder if there's something like an Armored Felt Doll tottering around with toy-like swords.

 Mama Armor and Papa Armor are smiling as they watch over cute Child Armor.

 Then, they hear an intruder’s footstep,

 Papa Armor and Mama Armor tell their son, ‘stay hidden,’ and plunge into battle.

 The one who appears there is Paul, with a demon-like face.

 He thinks of Armors as nothing but bugs, slaughtering Papa Armor and Mama Armor.

 Child Armor, seeing that, starts thinking of humans as enemies. As Child Armor grows up, it transforms into an Armored Warrior monster that attacks humans on sight.

 …Or not,

 "Rudi. What are you thinking about? Please come help me."

 "Ah, yes."

 Just as Roxy told me, I went to smash the eggs as well.

 Connecting to the large room, there were three rooms densely packed with eggs.

 If these eggs were to hatch, would some larva come out that clings to a person's body?

 Well, there's no sign at all that they're going to hatch, though.

 After that, there was no such happening, such as freshly born larva attacking Roxy's body, and we finished cleaning up.

 Part 2

 And then we arrived at the innermost room.

 The final place that was written about in the book.

 A wide room.

 It was a room made of stone.

 Its square and, excluding the entrance, in front of each wall there were magic circles.

 However, the instant we entered, we felt the strangeness of it.

 In here, nothing exists beyond the magic circles.

 Just before this room, there was a large quantity of Little Devils.

 Enough that you would think there were over 100 Little Devils, as well as their eggs.

 Even though that's the case, in here there are just the magic circles.

 It's almost as if something protected the room, like some sort of sacred ground.

 "It's before the protector Guardian, isn't it?"

 "With this atmosphere, I would say so."

 "It would be good if we remain on guard."

 Paul, Elinalise, and Roxy while saying that, all tightly gripped their weapons.

 In front of the Boss room, I wonder if all labyrinths have this eerie atmosphere.

 "Well then, I wonder which leads to where…”

 Gisu went around checking each of the magic circles one at a time, while holding the book in one hand.

 The rest of us were on standby at the entrance.

 "I'll help out."

 "Sure, that'll help."

 For the time being, I participated in checking the teleportation magic circles.

 And, for some reason, Roxy followed along behind me, as well.

 If Roxy is here, then it's reassuring.

 "How about it?"

 "They give off… the same feeling as written."

 Gisu, after asking, compared each of the magic circles to the book.

 Each of the three magic circles in order,

 The book has it written down like this:

 "There are three magic circles.

 We immediately understood that two of those would cause a random teleportation.

 For that sake, we placed a stone marker in front of the magic circle that we believed to be the correct choice and stepped onto it.

 However, that was a trap.

 We were thrown into a strange room.

 It was a room filled with dark and elongated bodied demons.

 Right, it was the nest of Little Devils. The instant they saw us…”

 We soon found the stone they used as a marker.

 A fist-sized stone had been cleanly polished.

 On the surface of that, the digit six was carved.

 It was something that wasn't on the floors until now.

 "Somehow, it's moving, isn't it?"

 "You think so? It feels ominous. Listen well, senpai, these sorts of legacies of parties that were annihilated aren't good at all."

 "Is that Jinx?"

 "Right, it's Jinx."

 "Well, it's not like they were annihilated though, right…”

 While saying that, I took a good look at the magic circle in front of me.

 It resembled the two-way magic circles that I've stepped on a number of times until now.

 But, this is different.

 If you step on this then you'll be randomly teleported.

 Or else, maybe all of the contents of this room thrown somewhere,

 Then, one of the remaining two should be the correct answer.

 However, these two very clearly have the traits of random teleport magic circles showing.

 "Rudi, do you understand?"

 After asked by Roxy, I shook my head.

 "No, not at all. Though if it was Nanahoshi, then she might understand."

 "Nanahoshi? Who is that?"

 "In the Magic University it's someone that's researching teleport-… or rather summoning. Since she's knowledgeable about magic circles, as well, she might have been able to comment on it."

 "Co… Could it be she's Rudi's lover?"

 "Nanahoshi? No way…”

 After laughing, while saying that, maybe if Nanahoshi were here then, or else Sylphy, otherwise maybe Cliff then.

 I ended up thinking like that.

 Nanahoshi and Sylphy were impossible, but it might have been good to bring along Cliff.

 Even now, we could still return and bring him back.

 Both ways it would take about three months.

 Since Cliff isn't used to traveling, then four months.

 No, even if we were to bring Cliff along, he might just tell us that he doesn't know, as well.

 "Just in case I did some research on teleportation in the Magic University as well, though, as embarrassing as it is, I don't understand it at all."

 "Research on teleportation?"

 "Yeah."

 "I see now, as expected of Rudi. Without blindly searching at random, doing something like trying to find out the source. It's not something that can be done easily."

 It seems there's been some misunderstanding, though; I searched the source following the advice of the Hitogami in order to cure my impotency.

 Since that motive was impure, it's not something that I really want to tell Roxy.

 Let's keep it hidden.

 “… As a student of Roxy-sensei, then, it's only natural."

 "Even if you flatter me, nothing will come of it."

 Inspecting each of the magic circles had ended.

 "How about it Senpai, have you understood anything?"

 "No, not at all."

 In the first place, all of my knowledge about teleport magic circles comes from this book.

 As long as the answer isn't written in that book, it's outside of my knowledge.

 No, of course, I did research things regarding teleportation outside of that as well, though.

 I don't know things that I don't know.

 All I know is the three teleport magic circles in front of my eyes are "different things.”

 Even then, I saw a large quantity of Nanahoshi's magic circles.

 The things known as magic circles, if you change the details then the effect is different.

 Therefore, I can just say this.

 "If things written in the book are true, then that would be one of these is the correct answer, though."

 "… In other words, Senpai doesn't know either."

 "That's what it comes down to."

 I return to the entrance of the room.

 Paul and the others there in the middle of the break were sitting down in a circle.

 I reported all of the things that we investigated, as accurately as I could.

 "Cheh… multiple choice is it."

 "… It's multiple choice."

 "Multiple choice huh, really…"

 Paul, Elinalise, and Talhand were all making bad faces.

 "Multiple choices are dangerous… aren't they? If it's like this, then even three options would be better."

 Gisu said while looking up at the ceiling, something like what a weird, hat-wearing gangster might have said.

 I wonder if they have some kind of bad memory in relation to multiple choices.

 It seems possible.

 "Is that a jinx, as well?"

 "Yeah, it's a jinx. When it comes to multiple choices, if we don't let Ghyslaine select them, it will fail."

 With those words, Paul and the others all nodded saying, "Right, that's true."

 Ghyslaine, huh?

 I've heard a nostalgic name.

 But, certainly for her, who is of the Beast race, it seems she would have that sense of smell.

 "Ghyslaine, huh, at these sort of times, it's missing without her."

 "Even though she's only useful at these sort of times…”

 "In the middle of battle without listening to directions she plunges in, she can't understand things people say. Unable to read or do calculations, when she can't understand what people are talking about she quickly snaps. But strangely when it comes to multiple choice she always gets them correct."

 That's a cruel way of saying it.

 I feel pity towards Ghyslaine hearing that.

 For the time being since she is one of my respected Shisho as well, I'd like them to stop there.

 "Please pardon her, since she can already read, write, and do calculations now, after all."

 Ghyslaine put in effort for it, as well.

 She's a child that kept tripping up as she went up the multiplication tables, but she gave it her best; and even learned up to division.

 "Ha… I heard about that from Paul, but I won't be deceived. There's no way that inu-koro could do something an ordinary person can."

 "I heard that previously as well, but honestly, I can't believe it either."

 Elinalise and Talhand were deeply in doubt.

 Since Ghyslaine was considerably difficult to teach after all, I understand, though.

 However, it feels strange, as well.

 With all of Paul's previous party members lined up, only Ghyslaine is missing.

 Even though Ghyslaine was the only one who kept in contact with Paul after the incident, as well,

 The only person among Paul and the others that I knew from Buina Village isn't in this place.

 Yeah, it's strange.

 "Rather than something like that, what are we going to do?"

 With Gisu's words, we returned to the topic.

 There are two magic circles.

 Which one should we enter, huh?

 "Rudi, even you couldn't figure it out?"

 After asked by Paul, I shook my head.

 "Yeah. Even though I investigated it beforehand at school, please excuse me for that."

 "I see…"

 Paul crossed his arms, closed his eyes, and pondered over it.

 And then, before even one minute had passed he raised his face.

 "For now, let's try taking a majority vote to check. From what we can see here, those who think the right magic circle is good, raise your right hand; and those who think the left magic circle would be good, raise your left hand."

 With Paul's words, everyone raised their hands.

 Paul, Elinalise, Roxy were right, Gisu, Talhand, and I were left.

 Three. We tied, each at three.

 "Cheh… If it's like this, then we can't decide it."

 "Umm, Tou-san. As expected, I don't know about deciding it using majority rule."

 "Even if you say something like that… Then, is there anyone who has an idea?"

 With Paul's words, Elinalise raised her hand.

 "How about entering both of them, one at a time, simultaneously?"

 "Are you saying to sacrifice someone among us?"

 "If it were Paul or I, then making use of the incense we should be able to somehow or other manage to cut out from a crowd of Little Devils."

 Entering both of the magic circles, one at a time, and then the one that's the correct answer will return.

 And then, if we immediately start searching for the mistaken one, there's the possibility we settle things without problems as well.

 "It's rejected."

 "Oh my, Rudeus, is it fine to hear the reason?"

 "For starters, there's no guarantee that either of those magic circles is the correct one."

 They appear to be random teleports.

 Unexpectedly, there's the possibility that both of those two are traps as well.

 All three of them are traps.

 The correct answer is a different room.

 Of course, that possibility is low.

 According to the book, fundamentally after you've found all of the rooms then you'll be able to proceed to the next floor.

 If we're to believe the author, this is the final room.

 However, whether it’s positioning or shape, these magic circles seem different and give off an artificial feeling.

 That's right, I'm caught on something.

 I wonder if it would really just come down to a simple multiple choice of luck.

 If they've gone out of the way to prepare a fake two-way magic circle, then wouldn't it be fine for there to be just one other as the real thing I wonder?

 As the answer to a puzzle, isn't having three of them just pointless, I wonder.

 No, it's not as if it's an escape game; there's no obligation for the labyrinth to have prepared a hint, I guess.

 "Then, Rudeus. Do you have any kind of ideas?"

 "No, but just a bit longer, won't you wait a bit longer to come to a conclusion?"

 But, I'm caught on something.

 I have the feeling that I'm forgetting something.

 Until I remember that, I feel that simply stepping foot on one of the two options is dangerous.

 The moment two people step foot on them, there's the possibility that everyone in the room will be teleported at random, as well.

 In the teleport labyrinth, if you don't make use of teleportation you can't get around.

 There might even be a room you can only reach using a random teleport, as well.

 "I want to try investigating it a bit more."

 I requested that, and…

 "Alright, Rudi. We'll leave it to you."

 Before anyone else did, Paul was the first one to agree.

 Part 3

 I was sitting in front of the magic circle thinking about it.

 All three of these magic circles are fakes.

 For the time being, I'm deducing that assumption.

 After sitting down and giving it some thought, three things floated to mind.

 One. The possibility that this room isn't the last stop.

 According to the book, the Teleport Labyrinth works on a certain rule.

 The rule is the main route follows just two-way magic circles.

 Following with that assumption, there shouldn't be any mistake: this is the final stop.

 However, where Roxy was wandering around, it was a cavern that you can't enter without using a two-way magic circle.

 Inside of that cavern's maze, Roxy had over thirty one-way magic circles that she was forced to try in order to return to the two-way magic circle.

 Furthermore, the real final stop might be ahead of at least one one-way directional magic circle.

 Though, I feel the probability of that is low.

 Two. In a place where the author of the book didn't realize it, just before a different member stepped on a trap,

 The author of the book thought they stepped foot on the two-way magic circle, but in reality that wasn't the case.

 Because of the random teleportation that a different member stepped on, the entire room teleported to a different place.

 Which is why, following this premise, this two-way magic circle is the correct answer.

 …I don't think so.

 If there were such a trap, I'm sure Gisu would have found it.

 Three. Actually, this two-way magic circle has a second degree to it.

 Magic circles have a variety of shapes.

 A doughnut-shaped magic circle; it's possible there's that sort of type as well.

 A trap teleport magic circle concentrically outside the correct answer teleport magic circle.

 I wonder if there isn't that sort of possibility, as well.

 In other words, it's not the exterior; if you jump onto the innermost circle, arrival on the next floor is possible.

 …That's stupid. From what places Ikkyu-san is this.

 Eliminating the impossible, all that exists is, after all, the first option.

 Just as the author of the book said fundamentally, you need to take a bi-directional one.

 After discovering that there are three varieties on the first floor, even up to the third or fourth floor, we never used either one-way or random ones.

 With just that, we were able to make it here.

 However, from here on, you might need to use not just two-way teleports, but some one-way teleports, as well.

 …But, if it comes to that, then it might not just be here.

 It's possible that where we are right now is a dead end as well.

 Say the fork existed even more previously. For example, ahead of a one-way magic circle on the fourth floor might have been the true end.

 Damn it… it's starting to get all mixed up.

 In the first place, what decided the main path? Whether it is the floor number or the appearance of the monsters as we passed by,

 Technically, the author of the book defined the correct path.

 The original rule as well, might have been a completely unrelated coincidence.

 After all, I wonder if deciding in that direction would be better.

 Starting from the sixth floor, we start testing out each of the one-way teleport circles, defeat the monsters ahead, and search for a different route.

 I have the feeling this is the correct answer.

 But, look at the atmosphere of this room.

 All of the veterans in the party felt it and said, "The boss is close ahead."

 After all, I feel that this is a special place.

 I feel that it's correct that this room is the last stop, as well.

 No, that might be a trap in the labyrinth, as well.

 Hmmm,

 "There's no end to it, unless I say it."

 I stand up while saying that.

 Need to go to the bathroom really quick.

 "Tou-san."

 "What is it?"

 "I'm going to water the flowers for a bit."

 "A piss, huh, I'll go as well."

 "Saying something like piss, how vulgar in front of women…”

 "What do you plan to do by smoothing it over in this kind of place?"

 No look, in front of Roxy is a bit…

 I feel like I can't make mistakes.

 No, though something like going to the bathroom, I guess it doesn't matter where she thinks I do it.

 Together with Paul, I left the room.

 We went into the room with Little Devil corpses and the ruins of the eggs.

 We can just pick a suitable place in here.

 While alternating with Paul on lookout here, we took care of our business.

 "It's difficult, isn't it?"

 Paul called out to me, while I was spacing out.

 "Yeah, I was having second thoughts come up, as if this room isn't on the main route. If there might actually be a different route and, if we don't go there, then we never arrive in the place where the boss is, maybe."

 "That's not the case. There's no mistake that room is the last stop."

 "What's your basis?"

 "None."

 None, in other words intuition, huh.

 However, you can't really ridicule the intuition of a veteran as well.

 Even if it seems completely un-founded, it might actually be a subconscious conjecture based on actual experience after all.

 "Well, there's no need to hurry. Tou-san and the others will wait for you. If you have any doubts, then ask and we'll respond as well. Don't try to come to an answer on your own."

 "Yes."

 I put a close to my business and changed with Paul.

 While standing on lookout, I viewed my surroundings.

 "Ah, and also Rudi- There's one thing I'd like to say, though."

 "What is it?"

 "…Ah, No, I guess this is fine, for now. It's something I'll say when we return to the inn."

 "What is it; please stop with that. If you go saying something like that, in this labyrinth, it just brings up feelings of unease. Those sorts of things are called death flags, you know."

 "What is that…? If I say it right now, it might affect the morale of the party."

 I tilted my head to the voice I heard from behind.

 Something that might affect the morale,

 I wonder if there is something.

 Maybe insecurity regarding Zenith,

 Or else, something that will make the atmosphere of the place worse,

 "Of the preaching type?"

 "Well yeah. Something similar to that."

 "Certainly, if I was to get down and it dulled our movements it would be terrible after all. Feel free to tell me off a lot afterwards."

 "Heh… Well, it's not that kind of scolding. I was just going to tell you a piece of advice to prepare yourself on."

 After we return to the inn, huh,

 It would be good if we could have saved Zenith by that time.

 "Kaa-san. It would be good if she's safe."

 "… That's right."

 It was something I just muttered out and it made the mood heavy.

 This is no good.

 But, even though we've searched this much, there's no end.

 I'm sure Paul is feeling like it might already be no good as well.

 It's probably better if I don't put it into words.

 "…"

 While listening to the sound of Paul's long piss I look around the surroundings.

 The large room and the three rooms covered in eggs.

 And then inner most room with magic circles,

 All of them are adjacent.

 I'm caught on something.

 "This room… isn't it considerably oblong?"

 "Hn? I guess so, what about that?"

 This room is oblong.

 The width is vast, because there are many bodies, it might appear square, but it's long in length.

 It's a rectangle shape.

 Those two long sides, each of them have two rooms.

 Though all of them have different sizes,

 However, something I've seen before.

 Just recently,

 And then, something is insufficient.

 "…Ah."

 I realized it.

 This place looks similar to the "Teleport Ruins.”

 "Alright, shall we return… and, hey Rudi, what are you doing?"

 Paul sent a puzzled sidelong glance at me, we quickly returned to the room with the party members.

 I called out to Gisu, who was laying down like a large Buddha.

 "Gisu-san, please come help me."

 "Hn, ah? Did you find something?"

 "It's fine, so, over here."

 I pulled Gisu over to the vicinity of the center of the room.

 "Please try searching around this area for a hidden stairway."

 "Haa… No, it's possible. Until now, all we saw were teleport traps. But, I suppose it might be possible that there's something like a hidden room, as well."

 Gisu came to an understanding on it himself, got on all fours, and started searching the floor.

 And then, soon after made a face of shock and put his ear to the ground.

 He took out his dagger and tapped it against the ground.

 "Hey… here… it's here! Senpai. Underneath here, it's hollow."

 "Can you get it open?"

 "Wait just a minute."

 Gisu tried touching around here and there on the floor.

 He moved around the wall touching around.

 And then returned,

 "It's no good, it won't open up. It's probably the type you have to wrench open."

 "Is there any problem with breaking it?"

 "Yeah…There’s no trap. All right. Senpai, do it. It's here."

 While saying that Gisu carved a mark on the floor.

 I aimed there and launched a rock bullet.

 [Gan] a sound was out and the bullet smashed, denting the floor.

 I guess that was too weak, huh.

 "Just a bit stronger, you can do it, right?"

 "Yes."

 Just as I was told, I raised the power and fired once more.

 A large [Bagon] sound let out and a hole opened up in the ground.

 "Alright, leave the rest to me."

 Gisu immediately got on all fours and started removing the rubble.

 If you just open up a hole the rest is simple it seems.

 In no time at all, Gisu spread out the hole and it changed into a square downwards entrance.

 What appeared was stairs that lead down.

 "Amazing… As expected of senpai, you get it well."

 "Well, since I've seen it once before after all."

 The teleport ruins.

 There were four rooms with nothing at all and a single room with stairs leading down.

 However, I wonder if originally it just appeared to be four rooms with nothing at all.

 I wonder if, just like now, the stairs leading to the room with the teleport magic circle were concealed.

 During the period, those ruins were used, in each of the rooms there might have been furniture; and it might have been made to appear that there was no such hidden stairway.

 That deteriorated over the passing of years, otherwise maybe Orsted destroyed it or something and it ended up in that shape.

 "Alright, everyone, senpai found some hidden stairs for us!"

 With Gisu's voice, the other members all stood up.

 After coming over to here and looking at the stairs.

 And then, "Oh~" they let out voices of admiration.

 "…Gahahaha, you're good!"

 "Ow."

 Talhand was solidly hitting my back while laughing.

 "As expected of my son!"

 "Ouch."

 Paul hit my back as well.

 "I see now, come to think of it, this place looks similar to the teleport ruins doesn't it!"

 "Ow."

 Elinalise hit me as well.

 "Oh, and wait just a second. There might be a trap. Senpai, hand over about three scrolls!"

 Gisu hit me as well, while saying that.

 "…"

 After turning around, it was just Roxy raising her small hand in the air.

 After her eyes met up with mine, while looking at me with upturned eyes, she suddenly speedily touched my back.

 "Good work,"

 Roxy whispered out those words.

 That expression had just a bit of mortified feel to it.

 I wonder if her disciple playing an active role bothered her.

 Since all of my achievements are the same as Roxy's achievements, after all, there shouldn't be anything to bother Roxy.

 All right, if the adventures from this time are talked about in the future, I'll say it was actually, because Roxy gave me hints.

 "Alright, we can go on ahead, everyone, stay on guard."

 "Yeah!”

 With Gisu's voice, everyone nodded.

 After descending the stairs ahead, there was a teleport magic circle.

 A two-way teleport magic circle.

 However, its color was a blood-like red.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
