Volume 13  7 — Guardian of the Teleport Labyrinth

Volume 13 Chapter 7 - Guardian of the Teleport Labyrinth

 

 Part 1

 A red magic circle.

 Until now, all I've seen were teleport magic circles that gave off a bluish-white light, but it's red.

 Red, a color representing danger.

 There are such words as Red Zone as well.

 That is, it will lead to a dangerous place.

 "It's ahead of this."

 The one who mutters out those words is Paul.

 I'm sure that was an utterance of intuition.

 I wonder if Zenith or the Guardian Protector will be there.

 However, strangely, there's a feeling of conviction.

 Ahead of this magic circle is the final part of the labyrinth.

 "What should we do, Paul? We still have some leeway, but returning once first is also an option."

 The sixth floor was easy.

 Thanks to the roots of Tarufuro, the Little Devils were the same as small fries.

 We never had to use anything in particular; it wouldn't even be a stretch to say that our energy is full.

 We relaxed quite a bit in the room just before as well.

 "…No, we'll proceed. Let's inspect our equipment."

 "Understood."

 After hearing Paul's decision, everyone sits down to check his or her equipment. On the occasion, I take off my equipment.

 I start inspecting it more carefully than usual.

 "Look, Rudi as well."

 After Roxy tells me that, I sit down as well.

 I take out all of my belongings from my bag and line them up on the ground to confirm.

 I have few belongings.

 At most, I just possess a number of the spirit scrolls.

 "Rudi, my scrolls, do you want to take some of them?"

 Just in the case something comes up, Roxy is carrying a number of scrolls.

 They're Advanced level magic scrolls.

 Through shortening incantations, with a considerable return ratio, she can use a number of magic.

 Even though I say that, Advanced magic requires a somewhat long incantation in order to cast it.

 Since the battle may come down to that, a time may come up where you can't cast in time.

 It's a trump card for that time.

 "I guess so, then how about several healing magic scrolls?"

 "Yes."

 Since I can use magic chantless, I don't need Advanced level magic scrolls.

 However, healing magic is different.

 I should hold onto these, just in case a worst-case scenario happens.

 For example, in case the Guardian crushes my throat or lung.

 After receiving some Intermediate healing magic scrolls from Roxy, I fold them up and put them into the pocket of my robe.

 If I don't use them, I'll return them.

 I'd like to take one and return home with it, then have Nanahoshi or Cliff reproduce them.

 No, reproducing them without permission was prohibited, wasn't it?

 Though personally, I don't think the portion I use will be exposed.

 "I don't know what kind of Guardian Protector there will be, but we have plenty of combat potential, Rudi. So you don't end up needing to use those scrolls, let's cover you with all our power."

 "I'm in your care. Somehow I have a habit of freezing up, so when the time comes down to it, please help me."

 "Yes, please leave your back to me."

 While saying that, Roxy hit her own small chest with a [Ton].

 How reliable.

 "Rudeus, Roxy."

 And then there, Elinalise tosses something over to us.

 After catching what she throws, I notice it was a circular stone, almost like a marble.

 The same kind of magic crystal that Elinalise carries a number of.

 "If you run out of magic power, please use that."

 "Is it fine?"

 "It's just a loan. If you don't use it, please return it later."

 "Ah, yes. Understood."

 Running out of magic power towards the end of exploring a labyrinth is possible.

 But, normally, at a time like that, you retreat.

 After all, for that reason, you make sure to exterminate the enemies completely in the rooms behind you.

 After escaping and waiting for your magic power to recover, you re-challenge the Guardian Protector.

 However, there are also times when you can't escape from the Guardian.

 If a boss traps you in a place like a competition field, you can't leave until you defeat it.

 It seems there are cases like that as well.

 The red magic circle in front of our eyes appears to be two-way.

 However, in reality, it might actually be one-way.

 As expected, it's probably not random.

 "Alright, is everyone prepared?"

 With Paul's voice, we all stand up.

 After looking, everyone's faces are tense.

 I'll put some spirit into it as I go as well.

 "Rudi."

 "What is it?"

 "I do feel it's bad to say something like this now though."

 Ah, this is a death flag.

 "Then, please don't say it."

 "Su, Sure…”

 Paul makes a depressed face.

 The morale might have decreased a bit.

 No, important things aren't something you say right before a decisive battle.

 Those sorts of things are fine after we return.

 "Alright, let's go."

 After looking at each other, we all simultaneously step on the magic circle.

 Part 2

 Ahead of where we left the magic circle is a tremendously wide room.

 If I were to say it in a few words, it’s a giant temple room.

 It has a rectangular shape and is roughly a palace hall, and as vast as a baseball field.

 Along the edges of the room, there are a number of thick pillars standing up.

 The ceiling is high enough up that you have to strain your neck to look up.

 The ground turns into something like tile, every tile engraved with an intricate relief carving, or an etched image projecting on each tile.

 "Oh??!"

 Deep in the interior part of that ashen palace is a single monster.

 It is gigantic.

 I've never fought a monster this large before.

 The size is roughly two times larger than a Red Dragon.

 Even from a distance, I could tell that it has sparkling emerald-green scales.

 Its torso is short but wide.

 From there, a number of heads branch out.

 "A Hydra, for real, it's my first time seeing one…"

 I hear Gisu's murmur.

 Right, it's a Hydra.

 A gigantic multi-headed dragon; I count nine heads.

 "There?!"

 But, where Paul's eyes stop isn't at the Hydra.

 Beyond the Hydra,

 the innermost room behind the protecting Hydra…

 There is a visible magic crystal.

 It is an emerald-green magic crystal of tremendous size.

 Large enough to make the marble-like magic crystals that Elinalise carries seem worthless.

 A magic crystal in the shape of a crystal about two meters (6 and 1/2 feet) in size.

 I've never seen a magic crystal of this size until now.

 However, that's fine as well.

 The size doesn't matter at all.

 Rather than something like that, it's the inside of the magic crystal.

 Inside the magic crystal,

 she is there.

 Zenith is

 trapped inside the magic crystal

 "Zenith!"

 Paul shouts out.

 Simultaneously, the thoughts of "Why?" come to my mind.

 Why did it become like that?

 Why is she inside a magic crystal?

 Before I could put my doubts into words, Paul runs ahead, dual wielding swords in both hands.

 The Hydra slowly raises up and turns its necks.

 Part 3

 "You idiot! Don't be so hasty!"

 I hear Gisu's shout.

 "…!!"

 Along with Elinalise clicking her tongue, she dashes after Paul.

 Continuing along, Talhand starts running as well.

 Elinalise couldn't catch up with Paul, who had a running start.

 "I'm going to cover them!"

 Roxy shouts.

 There, I return to myself and aim my staff with the Hydra as the opponent.

 First, we need to defeat the enemy.

 Defeat it in a single hit.

 I charge my [Rock Bullet] enough that it is able to blow away even a Demon Lord in a single hit.

 "Quiet Fist of the Ice Man, [Frost Nova]!"

 Roxy starts incanting Intermediate magic and is preemptively attacking, as well.

 A cluster of cold air overtakes Paul at a tremendous speed and impacts,

 [Hi~n!]

 Just before impact, an ear-splitting sound, like something scratching on glass, resounds in the giant temple…

 "Wha!!"

 Roxy's voice and her eyes are wide open.

 There isn't even a single scratch on the Hydra.

 Is it strong against ice?

 By the instant such a thought floated through my mind, Paul is arriving at the Hydra.

 "[Rock Cannonball]!"

 I fire the Rock Bullet I had been charging.

 The sharpened bullet flies while releasing a high-pitched sound [Kyuin].

 It passes above Paul who was a few steps from reaching the Hydra.

 It impacts on the Hydra.

 [Hi~n!]

 Again, that unpleasant sound is heard.

 "It blocked!?"

 It wasn't avoided.

 It should have hit.

 It should have been a direct hit.

 However, the sound from just now,

 the high-pitched sound just now, what is it?

 Almost as if nothing is done at all, the Hydra calmly stands up.

 There was not even a single scratch.

 "Uoo… raaaa…!"

 Paul's spirited loud yell reaches up to me.

 The Hydra moves that head almost like a snake and attacks Paul.

 Paul avoids it with the minimum movement possible.

 In the next instant, the Hydra’s head is spinning off in the air.

 Paul swings the sword in his right hand,

 with a tremendous sword speed.

 For an instant, Paul's figure blurs.

 He is moving at a speed that my demon eye's foresight can't see.

 In the next instant, a different head of the Hydra is spraying blood.

 Paul swings the sword in his left hand, slicing.

 Since the off-hand sword was shorter, it isn't enough to completely sever its head.

 Paul rotates his body midair and, making use of his centrifugal force, slashes again with the sword in his right hand.

 The head of the Hydra that had been hanging loosely falls.

 "Shaaa…!”

 The Hydra lost its second head in an instant.

 However, the Hydra had nine heads.

 The Hydra uses one head after another and encloses, surrounds, and attacks Paul from every direction.

 Paul back-steps to put some distance between them, but maybe because of the size of the step, he isn't able to escape from the attack range of the Hydra.

 "Paul!!"

 Then Elinalise catches up.

 With her shield at the ready, she projects her sword.

 I feel an invisible shock wave release.

 [Hi~n!]

 It's that sound again.

 Almost as if it hasn't received any shock wave at all, the Hydra pursues after Paul.

 "Murmuring of the Muddy Stream! [Water Current]!"

 Simultaneously with Roxy's incantation, a cluster of water appears in front of Paul's eyes.

 That cluster of water washes Paul away from the Hydra, escaping from the Hydra's attack range.

 Paul is then rolling into a somersault when Elinalise faces towards and immediately enters a stance to cover him.

 Just about midway there, Talhand stops his feet and starts the incantation for magic.

 There were some irregularities, but the formation has become the shape of advance guard, middle guard, and rear guard.

 What are we going to do about combat?

 Paul's attacks were effective.

 However, my rock bullet was blocked.

 Roxy's magic as well.

 Next would be either fire or wind, I guess?

 Both of them have area of effect and are hard to keep from affecting Paul and the others.

 What to do?

 "[Earth Pillar]!"

 Talhand's incantation ends.

 It's earth magic.

 Above the Hydra's head, a mass of rock appears and falls onto the Hydra.

 [Hi~n!]

 That sound was let out again.

 Just before the rock impacts the Hydra, it dissipates almost like becoming sand and disperses.

 It's that sound. When that sound is let out, the magic disappears.

 "Does magic have no effect on that thing!?"

 What should be done? Should we keep going on?

 Or would it be better to run away temporarily?

 What should I do!?

 There, I hear Roxy's pressured voice from beside me.

 "Rudi, that! It's healing!"

 I look towards her pointing, where the two heads that Paul had lopped off.

 One of those heads is stretching out to the end of the cut; the bones, muscle and flesh is swelling up and rebuilding the head.

 The other head as well, following along with that, started to repair itself.

 It can regenerate.

 That thing’s heads, just by cutting them off, you can't permanently damage it.

 "Let's retreat!"

 Roxy's voice.

 However, it didn't reach Paul.

 While raising a voice filled with fighting spirit, he is resolved on striking the Hydra with his swords.

 Elinalise is in danger trying to support Paul’s reckless fighting style.

 "Gisu!"

 Talhand's voice,

 Gisu takes off running.

 Gisu overtakes Talhand and moves up to just behind Paul; he throws something he was holding in his hand at the Hydra.

 [Papa~n], I hear the sound of an explosion.

 And then, from near the Hydra something like smoke is rising up.

 A smokescreen, huh?

 "…!"

 While Gisu is shouting something, he starts pulling Paul backwards.

 However, Gisu can't restrain Paul. In no time at all, Paul is about to shake Gisu off.

 In the next instant, Elinalise bashes Paul in the face with her shield.

 "…!"

 Gisu releases his hold and says something, then Paul faces this way and starts running.

 "Rudeus!"

 I start to move after hearing Elinalise’s voice.

 I concentrate all the magic power I could into my hand and create a dense fog in the space between the Hydra and Paul.

 A fog, like pure white steam, to conceal others.

 However, I know that the Hydra is approaching us, as it makes a [DoshinDoshin] sound.

 Even though its sound wasn’t all that fast.

 Paul and the others return up to the circle.

 "Rudi, we're retreating. Ahead, to the magic circle."

 "Yes! Sensei!"

 I anticipate it and jump onto the magic circle.

 Part 4

 Everyone safely manages to leave using the magic circle.

 Roxy, Talhand, and Gisu,

 Paul, who is breathing roughly,

 And then finally Elinalise comes out, with some injuries.

 Blood is flowing out endlessly around the area of Elinalise’s shoulder.

 "Are you all right?"

 "It was just a scratch."

 Elinalise's shoulder is completely shaved off.

 Just from what I could see, there was no indication as if she had received a direct attack though.

 "I was scraped by the scales."

 Somehow, it seems that Hydra's outer scales are like sharkskin.

 Even though I say that, it's still within the range that elementary healing magic can heal it without leaving a scar.

 Back in my previous world’s life, it would have required at least several tens of stitches.

 What a convenient world.

 "Thank you very much."

 Well then,

 The problem is the reason for this injury: how to treat the person who caused it.

 Paul sits down in front of the magic circle.

 In addition, his eyes are fixated as well.

 Blood thirst, surging from all over his body.

 "Dad."

 "…That was Zenith. No mistake."

 Paul said that.

 In those eyes, he can't see the fact that Elinalise is injured.

 No, since Elinalise takes the role of shield, you could say it’s her job to absorb attacks though.

 However…

 "Please calm down a bit."

 "Yeah, sorry about that. I'm calm right now."

 Paul's voice is low in tone.

 It's the calm before the storm- such words came to mind.

 He may be calm, but it seems he's not composed.

 It can't be helped.

 Certainly, that was Zenith.

 From a distance even I realized, "Ah, it's Zenith".

 Then I'm sure if it’s Paul, there's no way he would be mistaken.

 The one inside of that magic crystal is Zenith.

 She's trapped inside of the crystal.

 I wonder why she ended up in that state.

 No, the reason is fine.

 Something like being warped inside of it during a teleport, I'm sure, there are various explanations.

 It seems that being teleported inside of an object rarely ever happens; in reverse, you could say although it's rare, it still happens.

 According to Gisu's story, wasn't the story that she was together with some adventurers?

 No, they used the words that she was captured.

 Hn? Could it be that Gisu knew about this situation…?

 No, that can't be the case.

 It can't be helped catching him on a slip of the tongue.

 It won't be too late to question him over it after everything is over.

 Besides, the problem isn't there.

 "…I wonder if mother is still alive, even like that?"

 "Huh!?"

 After saying that, Paul stands up and grabs onto my collar roughly.

 "Something like whether she's alive or not, it doesn't matter does it!"

 "That's right."

 Certainly,

 It was a slip of words, I guess.

 From the start, the probability that Zenith is alive was low.

 I even considered the possibility that we wouldn't even find a corpse.

 Even resolved that we may not find a single article of hers,

 If she's dead then she's dead, something we should offer condolences to, is what I was thinking.

 If it's like this, that she's still recognizably Zenith, then the situation is far better than we could have predicted.

 "Stop the fighting!"

 Gisu exclaims, but Paul still nears his face to mine in an intimidating way.

 "Rudi, Zenith was over there. Your mother, why are you able to remain that calm?"

 "Would it be better to panic more? What would be solved by getting distracted?"

 "I'm not saying that!"

 I know what Paul wants to say.

 Certainly, right now I might be too composed.

 Even though after we find my mother, whom was missing for six years, I'm sure it's not the behavior of a typical human.

 …Well.

 Even during the time when I was a child, I didn't interact with Zenith very much.

 My recognition towards her as a mother is weak, as well.

 Rather it’s even strange that I lived with such an appreciation this life.

 At any rate, we separated at the time when I was seven years old, and I haven't met her in almost ten years, after all.

 Even the fact that I'm taking on a heartless attitude might be something that can't be helped.

 "For now, let's recognize the present condition."

 "Huh!?"

 Ignoring Paul's intimidation, I indifferently try putting the things from just before into words.

 "Magic was ineffective against that Guardian Protector. It possesses an absurd ability, [Regenerate]; its attack strength is high enough that just by contacting Elinalise-san, it was able to break through Elinalise-san's defense as well. And then, mother is trapped inside of that crystal. Putting it clearly, it's unknown whether or not she's even alive."

 "Something like that… even I know! What I'm asking about is your attitude at the time when your mother has been found!"

 Gisu cut in after Paul's shout.

 "Stop it with that! Have something like a parent-child fight after we return to the inn!"

 Gisu forcefully pulled us apart.

 Paul spit out the words, "Sheet… screwing around like that," and plunks down onto the ground.

 It seems there was no reason for me to say it specially; even Paul understands the situation.

 Just, my attitude bothered him.

 Even I feel it too: it was cold.

 But, it really can't be helped, right?

 What are you telling me to do about it?

 "Yes, stop with the fight there, let's start discussing things!"

 Elinalise lets out a clap with her hands.

 Paul and I slowly move and sit in the circle.

 Roxy is making a somewhat nervous face while looking Paul and I over.

 It seems I've caused her to worry.

 "I'm fine."

 "Is that so…"

 It's not the first fight I had with Paul.

 After things are over and we return to the inn, I'm sure Paul will be better as well.

 Even I, who has weak acknowledgment of mother, at the point when I hear Zenith's voice and realize she's been saved, I'm sure I'll feel something as well.

 That's right, there's no doubt that's the case.

 This time, the gears are just a bit out of order.

 "[Cough]. Umm, it's about Zenith-san's crystallization though. I think something can be done about it."

 Roxy says that in a somewhat brighter voice than usual.

 "Is that true?!"

 The one who makes a happy face is Paul.

 "Yes. Occasionally, there are times when legendary magic items imbued with magic power are trapped in magic crystals like that, but I've heard that if you defeat the Guardian, the crystal unseals and you'll be able to retrieve the contents."

 It's a story I've never heard.

 However, they're Roxy's words.

 Roxy has no reason to lie.

 "That is something that I know about as well,"

 Elinalise agrees,

 "I know about one individual who has been through a similar situation as Zenith, but they're properly living, even now."

 "…"

 This is a lie; I'm sure.

 Elinalise is the type to lie calmly at times like this.

 Since it's for the sake of improving the mood, I won't blame her, though.

 Although, no matter how much of a precedent there is, when the crystal melts, it's not confined to the person inside being safe.

 Naturally, there's no need to put that into words.

 It's something that everyone knows.

 "The problem is that Guardian Protector… Honestly, it's the first time I've seen that species, as well."

 The one who takes the initiative and cuts off the conversation is Elinalise.

 Gisu continues moreover,

 "That's right; you can tell it's a Hydra just from seeing it. But a variety with those kind of emerald green scales, I've never heard of such a thing."

 "…Furthermore, it can even regenerate."

 Talhand crosses his arms while continuing to make a troubled face, as well.

 It’s known that Hydras are a species of dragon.

 A dragon that has a number of heads- although it doesn't flock, even alone it's generally the ultimate class in terms of power.

 Certainly, I had heard that they were living somewhere on the Magic Continent.

 Just from what has been currently confirmed, I know of three types.

 They're differentiated by the color of their scales; the known types are white, grey, and gold.

 Something like a Hydra with emerald green scales doesn't exist.

 "That is most likely a Multi-Headed, Magic Stone Dragon, or [Manatite Hydra]."

 The one who says that is Roxy.

 "I've read about it in a book once. It's a demonic dragon, all of the scales of its body are covered in magic stones which absorb magic power. They were witnessed around the time of the Second Human-Demon War. It’s written that they went extinct, together with the annihilation of the continent. I was convinced they were just a fairy tale though… to think they really exist."

 Magic Power Absorption…

 In other words, it is immune to magic, I guess.

 "Does that mean that we're unable damage that thing at all?"

 "If what's written in the book is true, then if you cast from zero distance it should be effective."

 "Zero distance, you say…"

 That huge thing…

 Furthermore, just by pressing against its razor-sharp body, you receive wounds as if put through a cheese grater.

 Does that mean we have to directly touch the Hydra and use magic?

 All of our fingers will end up chopped off.

 "However, even at the point we're able to damage it, it can regenerate. What can be done…?"

 "Regeneration is troublesome."

 "…However, it's not as if we can't defeat it," I say.

 The Hydra regenerates.

 Even after hearing that, I am not surprised.

 It's because I had the mythological knowledge that a Hydra regenerates.

 "Even if we chop its heads off, they regenerate each in a few moments. What can be done to defeat something like that…?”

 Roxy was groaning as she agrees as well.

 However, I didn't think it was as troublesome as everyone else did.

 Even despite up until now, I've almost never ran into regenerating monsters.

 For some reason,

 Because I have my knowledge from my previous life…

 "For the time being, I have an idea."

 After raising my hand with a proposal, the looks gathered to me.

 "If you cauterize the Hydra's opened necks with fire, they won't regenerate- is something I've heard."

 I start telling the story of the hero of Greek Myth of Heracles.

 Heracles fought with a Hydra.

 According to that, I know it was said that he burned the cut end of the necks of the Hydra in order to prevent the regeneration.

 Honestly, it's just a myth after all.

 Its credibility is unproven.

 However, the response is good.

 "I see now, burning the wound, huh."

 "We don't have any torches, but if it's a wound without scales then there's no worry about the magic being blocked."

 "There's value in giving it a try."

 I don't know just how similar the Hydras in this world are to the tales of Hydra in my previous life.

 Though in my previous life, it's said that the Hydras have immortal heads…

 On this side maybe, if you are to just burn all of the heads; it might all too easily die.

 It's a negative way of thinking about it, but as long as it's a living thing, it should die.

 "Alright, then let's try carrying that out and see."

 With Gisu's words, the plan is decided.

 My suggestion isn't certain.

 However, things of certainty are nowhere to be found.

 Honestly, I feel it might be good to return to the city once, as well.

 Even though one could argue we have consumed almost no energy, the enemy is powerful.

 It might be good to do preparations for a boss fight.

 It's possible to hire skilled warriors just for the sake of the boss fight.

 I don't know just how many swordsmen there are who can decapitate a Hydra’s head. But with the city’s number of adventurers, if we were to search, I'm sure we could find at least one.

 "…"

 But, I'm sure Paul wouldn't agree.

 If I were to say something like returning now, his morale state seems to say he would then challenge the Hydra alone.

 Besides, even if we are to return, I can't imagine that we would even be able to find items or mercenaries that can work well against that Hydra.

 There are counter-measures,

 We've already gathered the precise balance of people to do it.

 Then, this is the part where we should advance ahead.

 "Hey, Paul. This is fine, right?"

 "…Yeah."

 "That's a reply with no spirit- do you get it? No one other than you can cut that thing’s heads off."

 I'm sure Elinalise and Talhand would be able to leave a wound on those scales, as well.

 Still, it won't reach the point of decapitation.

 Paul will cut off the heads and then I'll use chantless magic, immediately burning it.

 Such an assignment of roles is necessary.

 Depending on the situation, it might require me to approach to a considerably close distance, as well,

 In order to pinpoint burn just the wound, since the probability is high that the surrounding scales will nullify friendly fire, as well.

 In that case, the other three people will act as a diversion to distract the Hydra from my attacks.

 If the decoys take any damage then Roxy will heal them.

 It becomes that sort of role assignment.

 There's nothing but that.

 Naturally, as it is, attacks will come for me, as well.

 I will be standing in a considerably dangerous position: directly in front of the Hydra.

 "Rudi…”

 Paul's eyes are facing towards me.

 He is looking at me with somewhat hesitant eyes and says:

 "You are…really a reliable son."

 "That kind of flattery, let's save it for after we defeat the Hydra."

 "It's not flattery. I really think that."

 Paul says that and laughs at himself,

 "I can't become calm like you, I couldn't come up with ideas either. I'm an idiot, who couldn't think of anything other than recklessly running in."

 Paul continues,

 The shape of his mouth twists, almost like he is chewing on the words with his molars.

 "…I'm a terrible father. It doesn't seem like I'll be able to become a role model for my son."

 Paul says in a tone bursting with determination.

 His look was tremendously strong.

 Yes, his eyes are filled with such strong power; almost as if his look can kill.

 It's resolve.

 Paul has decided his resolve.

 "With that, let me say it. I know it's not something for a parent to say, though listen well."

 "Yes."

 I receive his look from head on:

 "Save your mom, even if you have to die."

 Paul says.

 Facing his son,

 [Even if you have to die.]

 However, I don't feel he's a terrible old man.

 This is trust.

 Paul is thinking of me as his equal.

 For this reason, he was serious.

 Then I need to respond,

 "…Yes!"

 "All right, let's go!"

 With Paul's words, everyone stands up.

 The rematch with the Hydra begins.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
