Volume 13  11 — Return Home

Volume 13 Chapter 11 - Return Home

 

 Part 1

 Zenith.

 I decided to talk to someone about her.

 Once I calm down to think about it, I realize that her problems aren't mine alone.

 I have someone I can discuss it with.

 Because I still have a family member here.

 "Sensei, I want to talk to Lilia about the future."

 "Yes, that's for the best."

 Roxy and I tidied ourselves and left the room.

 Right as we came out, we ran into Elinalise leaving her own room as well.

 Her eyes widen when she saw me with Roxy.

 "Roxy, you…"

 "Rudi, sorry, I have some stuff to discuss with Elinalise. Please see Lilia on your own instead."

 Stuff?

 What could it be?

 Well, if she said it like that, maybe it's better if I'm not present.

 "I understand."

 I left Roxy and headed toward Zenith's room.

 I glanced back briefly before entering. Roxy and Elinalise went into their room as well.

 "…"

 Anyways, I entered Zenith's room.

 Zenith was sitting on her bed, with Lilia on a chair beside her.

 The scene reminds me of a hospital room. I bit my lips.

 "Lilia."

 "What's the matter, Rudeus-sama?"

 Lilia was visibly fatigued from serving Zenith.

 First things first, I need to know what she thinks.

 "Sorry for making you take care of mother."

 "No, this is my job."

 "Oh."

 Job, is that it?

 Even though no one is left to pay her?

 "How's mother?"

 I sneaked a peek at Zenith and noticed she has been staring at me the entire time.

 But, she does nothing, said nothing.

 Yet she still stares at me.

 "Well, even though she has no memory, miraculously her body is healthy. She has stamina and no strange complications. Stuff like eating and changing clothing, she can do it on her own after being taught once."

 "Is that so."

 She's not a complete invalid then.

 The only thing she lost was her memory.

 "According to Shera-sama's diagnosis, it's a symptom of being trapped by magic crystal and overwhelmed by magic."

 "Can it be cured?"

 "According to Elinalise-sama, probably not."

 According to Elinalise?

 Is she familiar with these types of situations?

 Still, I think it's too early to give up.

 At least, there's no good doctors around here to examine her.

 "I will take good care of madam. Master is no longer here, so I'll take care of her from now on."

 "I'll do everything I can as well…"

 After I said so. Lilia replies immediately,

 "There's no need for that."

 It's like she's pushing me away.

 "Eh…"

 A voice of shock came out of my mouth, but at the same time I realized that it wasn't so unreasonable.

 Dad died, Mom is in trouble, yet I couldn't do anything.

 Even if Lilia hates me, it isn't unreasonable.

 But Lilia continues,

 "Rudeus-sama, forgive my transgressions, but what I'll say will be impolite."

 "What is it?"

 "I think Rudeus-sama has things you'll have to do."

 "-- My own things?"

 "Master said so as well."

 I don't think Paul would said something like that.

 That guy is too self-centered for that.

 "Serving madam is my purpose. It's why I'm here."

 Lilia is tired.

 Very, very tired.

 Yet, also tough.

 She already left Paul's death behind her and took the next step.

 I need to learn from her too.

 "Lilia, there's something I want to ask you, but it might anger you."

 "… I won't be."

 "What are the things I must do?"

 Even though this is the question I should figure out myself, but I asked anyways.

 Lilia stared at me in shock.

 Even for someone as thick as me, I have some idea.

 But I really want to hear it from someone else.

 "In my opinion, first you need to tell Norn-sama about Master's death."

 Yes.

 It's time to head home--

 Part 2

 Next day.

 I gathered everyone together and declared that we should leave the city.

 Almost like I am now the leader, but everyone confirmed my decision.

 Is it because they consider me as Paul's replacement?

 In that case, then I will play that role.

 First I want to discuss our route home.

 To avoid talking about the Teleportation Magic Circle, I explained that we have some special method of travel.

 Also, I forewarned them not to let the word out about this.

 "But, Gisu seems like the type that would leak once he's drunk."

 "Ah, well, even in that case I won't fess up Senpai's name. Don't worry."

 That guy doesn't know how to shut up.

 I won't tell them the exact coordinates.

 Maybe I should make them wear blindfolds before entering the ruins.

 Oh, that's a good idea.

 Let's do that, blindfolds.

 "Travel should be fine, but Senpai, are you really okay now."

 Gisu seems still worried about me.

 A frown on his monkey face, he spies at me.

 "Can you see anything wrong?'

 "Well, no… Ah, a lot better than before."

 "Then it's fine."

 To be honest, I'm not perfectly fine.

 But thanks to Roxy, I crawled out of the abyss.

 But, how do we deal with the trip home?

 "Lilia, how's mother doing? A month and half in the desert, can she handle that kind of travel?"

 "I'm not sure, but I'll take the responsibility of taking care of her."

 "… Please do."

 Lilia accepts the responsibility earnestly.

 I should be able to help too.

 As long as she has stamina for it, we can take it slowly.

 "Then should we buy a carriage of some kind?"

 "But we'll have to throw it away midway?"

 "Not a big deal. Money is no longer a problem."

 Gisu and others seem to have returned to the Labyrinth while I was feeling sorry for myself and came back with all the treasures from the boss room.

 Many adventurers fell prey to the Labyrinth in its long history.

 Magical items were plentiful there.

 Moreover, they even looted the scales off the Hydra, or rather, those magic stones that covered its skin.

 Those are magic stones that can absorb magical energy.

 According to them, selling these can bring in an enormous amount of wealth.

 "We'll carry everything we can to sell at Asura Empire."

 Gisu said something like that as he takes out bags of magic stones, necklaces, rings and other accessories to show me.

 Paul's dead, I fell into depression, and this guy is still thinking about money.

 Thinking about that kind of pissed me off.

 But if I think about the future, not going back would be stupid.

 Money is important. It's not like we didn't work for it.

 Gisu made the right judgement.

 Besides, the me who fell depressed and did nothing has no right to complain about anything.

 "We gave Senpai's share to Lilia already."

 Looks like the issue of split were discussed and decided by everyone besides me.

 My share was particularly large.

 Besides Paul's split, Talhand said, [This time I wasn't of much use.] and gave half of his to me.

 Shera and Vera too, because how hard it must be with Paul dead, gave Lilia some of theirs.

 Then, Lilia decided to give all of it to me.

 In my opinion, everyone did their part, so they should just accept what's theirs.

 Oh well, I'll accept it.

 It's true, the future might become hard.

 "Also, even though we checked the bottom floor in detail, we never could figure out what caused Zenith to end up like that."

 "Is that so? Sorry for the trouble."

 "No problem."

 We still couldn't figure out how Zenith end up trapped in the Magic Crystal.

 Either way, even if we did, it might not relate to a cure.

 In any case, we can talk about a cure once we get back.

 "Then, may I leave the travel preparations to Gisu and… Elinalise?"

 "Okay."

 "Got it."

 It should be fine to leave it to those two…

 Part 3

 The travel plan was very comprehensive.

 The routes also very clear.

 Everyone here are all experienced travelers.

 But we don't want any more victims.

 To avoid any mistakes, we plan out every due diligence.

 We also collected all the reports about bandits and confirmed escape routes.

 Even though it's a bit of roundabout, that should be fine.

 I'm a little concerned about Zenith, but that was solved pretty quickly.

 Gisu purchased an armadillo-like monster and carriage.

 Seems like a carriage made especially for the desert.

 Got to hand it to him for finding something like that.

 Apparently, this armadillo is a well trained monster from eastern Begaritto.

 It's a bit expensive, so I thought it'd be a waste to throw away, but some sacrifices can't be helped.

 …Maybe I can teleport the armadillo back with me too.

 It should be fine as long as it can get pass the stairs, right?

 But what if it couldn't handle the weather and dies…?

 Still, if I leave it alone in the desert, it'll die anyways.

 In that case, it'll be better off if I bring it over to that side and sell to a collector instead.

 Preparations done.

 Let's go--

 Part 4

 Travel went by smoothly.

 Luckily we avoid the locations with bandits.

 Even though we encountered monsters, with all the members collected here, there's no longer any danger.

 2 Warriors, 2 Magicians, 1 Magic Warrior, 1 Healer.

 Even with some weaker individuals, it's still a very balanced party.

 Originally there ought to be a Swordsman too.

 …Forget it, don't think about it anymore.

 Traveling without a left hand has been more troublesome than I expected.

 It doesn't hurt, but during encounters, I often unconsciously tried to use my left hand and swing empty.

 A lot of things are harder without two hands.

 Still, every time that happens, Roxy would come to my aid.

 Since that night, Roxy would always stick by my side.

 Usually she walks on my left side.

 Whenever something happens, she'll immediately give me a hand.

 The way she conducts herself is almost like a lover.

 "…"

 I'm an idiot.

 Even though I tried to become sharper, as a man, I'm still slow.

 But with things like this, even I can't ignore it.

 Roxy, she probably, likes me--

 Part 5

 "… Em, Sensei."

 One day, we're on watch duty.

 Roxy and I sat shoulder to shoulder before a bonfire.

 Everyone else is asleep in the shelter.

 The shelter is very sturdy, but you never know.

 Because of that, we always have 2 person on guard in rotation.

 "What is it, Rudi?"

 Roxy is so close to me.

 Sitting by my side, sticking tightly next to me.

 I can feel the warmth and softness of her tiny shoulders through her robes.

 Just like a lover.

 No, exactly like a lover.

 With Roxy clinging, flitting like that, it would be nonsense to say otherwise.

 Anyways, that's probably what she has in mind.

 Does she know that I'm already married?

 She probably doesn't.

 If she does, she probably won't be so forward like this.

 No, it's not Roxy's fault.

 It's mine.

 I was unfaithful.

 I went unfaithful behind Sylphy's back.

 I better come clean here too.

 I'm very thankful.

 I'm fine now.

 I couldn't face my wife, so let's stop here.

 "…"

 Ever since coming to this world and meeting Roxy, I have always relied on her.

 She taught me magic and language.

 Befriending Sylphy, in some ways, was thanks to Roxy as well.

 Even though the one that cured my ED was Sylphy, what supported me for those 3 years was that precious thing that Roxy gave me.

 I could never return that kindness.

 Moreover, she even used her body to comfort me.

 Even though it's her first time, she still put herself forward to help me.

 Helped the me who fell into the abyss.

 Helping a useless trash like me.

 How can I just throw her away once things are over?

 What kind of etiquette is that?

 …No, I can't just play pretend anymore.

 Help?

 Etiquette?

 None of that matters.

 I like Roxy.

 I love her.

 If asked who I like better, Sylphy or her, I won't know how to answer.

 The ways I like them are different.

 Because I wavered.

 It ended up like this.

 It ended up that I like Sylphy and Roxy at the same time.

 But I promised to be faithful to Sylphy.

 Even though I broke that promise, a promise is a promise.

 Even though I broke it, I must continue to respect it.

 But, Sylphy has said, [A mistress is fine.]

 But I pushed that away and promised to love her only.

 I promised her!

 Back then, without a doubt, Sylphy felt happiness from that.

 I can't betray her.

 "I'm really thankful. But, to be honest, I'm already married, and I'll soon have a child. Because of that, acting like lovers like this, well, although I'm sorry, can we stop this?"

 Roxy's shoulders shivered.

 Then, she murmurs,

 "I already knew about your marriage. Elinalise already told me."

 "Ah, is that so?"

 Doing this even though she knew.

 In that case, that means…

 What's going on?

 "Our relationship, I know. Rudi, you don't have to worry. I'm just someone who took advantage of Rudi in his moment of weakness."

 Roxy spoke candidly without any variance.

 "I know well in normal circumstances, Rudi would never touch someone as plain as me."

 "Plain? That's not true at all."

 "You don't have to comfort me. I'm very aware."

 Roxy's body is indeed a little plain.

 Not a lot of curves, and very tiny too.

 As for a woman's charm, she'd lose to Sylphy.

 In another words, lolita-size.

 But I'm the kind of guy that would say [This is perfect!]

 "Please don't worry.

 I have no plan of forcing myself into Rudi's life.

 I just want to be Rudi's left hand during this trip…

 After this trip is over, Rudi doesn't have to worry about me anymore. Please take good care of your wife."

 Roxy stared at me with some hesitation as she said that.

 "I understand."

 "…"

 But the fact that Roxy saved me wouldn't change.

 It can't be over like this.

 "Please let me return the favor somehow. Is there anything I can do?"

 "Favor?"

 Roxy looks at me in shock.

 "Yes, anything in my power, anything would do."

 Roxy's eyes sparkle.

 Ahh, did I say something terrible?

 Anything can be very bad.

 But with all that Roxy's done for me, "anything" is perfectly reasonable.

 "Eh, then, well."

 "Oh"

 "… Would you listen to my explanation? Just listening is fine."

 "Oh?"

 Explanation.

 Explanation for what?

 "Okay, I understand. Please speak."

 "…"

 Roxy fell silent for a while.

 Then, murmuring, she begins to speak.

 "I, it was love at first sight."

 "With whom?"

 "Eh?"

 "It couldn't be dad?"

 "No, it's Rudi, when Rudi came into the Labyrinth to save me."

 Our reunion.

 That time my attitude towards Roxy was too ridiculous. I couldn't help but start hurling.

 To suddenly hug her, then hurl.

 Why in the world would she fall for me?

 I thought that'd scare her away from me instead.

 "It couldn't be helped. At death's door, just when I had already given up, to be rescued by a guy in such a cool fashion, even I would be moved by something like that."

 "I was cool?"

 "Like how I always dreamt it."

 Cool, eh?

 Hearing that makes me want to giggle.

 "In the Labyrinth, I was always watching you."

 "Now you mention it, our sight did meet often, but you always looked away."

 "That, because, looking straight at someone as cool as Rudi, isn't it really embarrassing?"

 Embarrassed.

 "… I know I'm no good."

 Roxy spoke slowly.

 "At the bar, Elinalise and I talked about it. What we do about Rudi. Elinalise and Gisu said don't worry, that you'll get back up on your own. But, when I thought about the time Rudi and I spent together at Buina village, Rudi and Paul training sword arts together, how close you two are together, I suddenly remembered when Rudi rode the horse for the first time. Back then, Rudi was very scared. Your body froze and you wouldn't move at all. Back then, I was thinking, ah, even though this kid has talents like an adult, he's still really fragile. Then, I remember again sword training, and when Rudi and Paul fought together in the Labyrinth."

 "Seeing Rudy so depressed and not able to do anything, I realized that in reality, Rudi is more fragile than he looks… I think, to Rudi, Paul's existence isn't as important as everyone makes it out to be. When Paul dies, Rudi falling depressed isn't something unsolvable either. "

 "Depressed to the point where you can't pick yourself back up. No, of course, I don't think I alone can help Rudi get better. I heard Rudi has someone you love already. If it's her, then if Rudi falls depressed, she can definitely help Rudi get better again."

 "But that person isn't here. During Rudi's critical moment, she isn't here. That's why I thought, someone should definitely help Rudi. But Elinalise and Gisu refused to do anything. Lilia has Zenith's situation to take off. Then, I thought it ought to be me."

 "Even though those sound just like a bunch of excuses, I didn't plan to do that kind of thing at the start. Even though I feel Rudi respects me, I'm just a midget. Even I don't know Rudi's lover, but if she's a relative of Elinalise, she must be a beauty. I thought Rudi definitely won't look at me. Having nothing to do with that, but at least I should take the opportunity and see what comes out of it."

 "Yet in reality, Rudi suddenly grabs on to me. I never imagined that I would ever face Rudi so closely. I thought I might have a chance. I heard Elinalise and them talking about this. I thought that perhaps I can. Because it can't be helped, I like Rudi."

 At this point, Roxy starts to cry.

 Watching this scene, I felt a pain in my chest.

 "… It's cruel. Marriage and stuff, they knew I like Rudi, yet they only told me afterwards. It's too cruel."

 Who is she talking about here?

 Not me.

 It's probably Elinalise.

 But I didn't report to Roxy about my marriage either.

 Even though I don't have a particular reason to, I never saw an opportunity to mention it.

 I'm equally responsible too.

 But, imagine, if I met Sylphy again.

 Saved by her, fallen for her.

 Then naturally start to go after her.

 Despite all that, Sylphy already has someone she liked.

 I would definitely be hit hard too.

 No doubt I would be hit hard.

 … I want to repay Roxy.

 Roxy deserves it.

 "Then, Roxy Sensei."

 "What is it?"

 But, what do I do?

 What can I do to repay her?

 If I don't betray Sylphy, can I satisfy Roxy?

 "Well, at least on this trip, can I realize Sensei's wishes? Before we get home, I can be Roxy-sensei's lover, then…"

 Then what?

 Nothing can be done.

 I know that well myself.

 No matter for me, or for Roxy, there's no way to fix anything.

 To Sylphy, I'm a traitor.

 Just delaying the inevitable, the worst idea.

 "… That's a very attractive proposal."

 Roxy said this as she tightly hugs my shoulder.

 Then, she lightly taps my forehead.

 "But, calm down, you don't have to say that."

 "… I understand."

 Don't have to.

 As long as Roxy thinks so, then I will agree to it.

 Up to now it's been like this, and from now on it'll be the same.

 Is that okay, Sensei? ---

 Part 6

 A month later, we arrived at the Bazaar.

 I bought some glassware as gifts for Sylphy and others.

 Odd shaped glass bottles, a hair clip made of red glass engraved with tribal designs;

 Hopefully they won't break before I get home.

 Then, I also bought some rice.

 Seedlings.

 Although I don't think they would grow properly, but at least I want to try.

 If not, I can eat it anyways.

 That night, Elinalise brought the girls out for drinks.

 Something like a girls night out.

 Even though at their age, none of them can properly be called girls anymore.

 Only Lilia refused, using taking care of Zenith as her excuse. Everyone else went, including Roxy.

 Gisu and Talhand also left together chatting about something.

 I stayed in to help Lilia taking care of Zenith.

 Zenith spent all day in a daze.

 She can walk, can eat, can go to the restroom.

 But she can't speak, and doesn't show any initiative.

 Following every instruction almost like a robot.

 But even like this, she would occasionally stare straight at me.

 Nothing in particular, just staring.

 Maybe she can feel something from her own flesh and blood.

 If there's a trigger to get her memories back… ah, probably not.

 At this point, if Paul was here, what would happen?

 Paul, what would he do?

 Will he do well?

 Or would he say, no good, failed?

 At night, Roxy returned by my side.

 Completely wasted.

 She told everything about us two to Elinalise. Now she's regretting it.

 This must be hard on Elinalise too.

 She said she plans to treat Roxy as family.

 She wants to help Roxy with her love, but doesn't want to interfere with her granddaughter's marriage.

 It must be difficult for her.

 Roxy uses her tiny fists to knock on my chest, then she went back to her own bed--

 Part 7

 Next day.

 We arrived at the rock's ledge.

 The carriage usually can't reach this place, but I used magic to forcefully transfer it on top of the ledge.

 On the first day, the armadillo was wary of the smell of griffons, and refused to move.

 Looking at this, we might have to leave it at the Bazaar instead.

 While I was thinking that, Gisu fed it meat from a griffon we defeated, and the armadillo suddenly felt something.

 From the second day forth that heavy body started to move forward full of spirit.

 Looks like it's a training method that an old friend from a Magic Race taught him.

 Take down his predator in front and feed it the meat, and it'll naturally feel like being part of something stronger than its natural enemies, something like that.

 I ask him whether the old friend was someone lizard-faced. He replied as expected of Senpai to know this and laughed.

 After a day we entered the desert.

 After 3 days we passed the sandstorm.

 When I used sand storm magic to stop the wind, Roxy spoke quietly with a little jealousy [Even your earth magic has reached Saint level, amazing.]

 From here on the number of monsters increased, so we're particularly careful.

 Despite that, this time around we have plenty of manpower, all veterans.

 Even if 1, 2 people fell into danger, reinforcements would come immediately.

 The Sand Garuda that came first were taken out immediately.

 Afterwards the velociraptor-like bipedal lizard were taken out too.

 On the way, although I thought the Sand Worms could be dangerous, but Gisu found them all.

 Seems like there's a trick to it.

 After he explains it, if I look carefully, on the ground there are some faint donut-shaped outlines.

 Once I pay attention, they become easy to spot.

 Despite that, the desert isn't exactly flat, so often times I couldn't quite tell.

 This is what they call experience.

 Even though Succubi came, they were taken out without a problem.

 With so many girls here, we don't have a problem in battle.

 Gisu and I were affected by their pheromones, but with intermediate detoxification, it wasn't a problem.

 Ah, only a slight bit of instincts were exposed, coming on to Roxy.

 Frighteningly, Talhand is completely immune to the pheromones.

 Elinalise said, [That's natural.]

 I guess, this is what they call all muscles and no brain.

 So cool.

 Arrived at the ruins.

 Just as planned, before we reached the ruins I blindfold everyone besides Elinalise.

 Shera doesn't want to, but Vera was able to convince her.

 Traveling with blindfolds.

 Maybe it's all talk, but as long as they can't see the magic barrier, they won't know what happened.

 The carriage couldn't fit the entrance, so we left it behind.

 If it's only a week, then even Zenith can handle the trip home.

 Now that we're here, a little slower is just fine.

 The Armadillo fits through the entrance, so we brought it too.

 Although I'm not sure whether it can survive the weather on the other side, at least it's better than leaving it as monster bait.

 After taking off their blindfolds, Gisu and others look shocked when they suddenly saw the change in scenery.

 From the desert, we suddenly arrive in the middle of a forest.

 It must be shocking.

 I told them very carefully, even if they noticed something, please don't leak it.

 Anyways, just like that, we left the Begaritto Continent.

 Just a bit more, and we'll be home.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
