Volume 2  1 — Young Ladys Violence

Volume 2 Chapter 1 - Young Lady's Violence

 

 Part 1

 When we reached Roa, it had turned into evening.

 The distance between the village Buina and Roa is about a day's journey on a horse carriage.

 If you count the time, it's about 6-7 hours. You can say that's far, but if you said it's near, it wouldn't be untrue.

 The city of Roa, is indeed one of the largest cities around here, as it is a bustling place.

 The first thing that I see are the walls.

 They surround the city to about 7-8 meters high, and look very reliable.

 Around the city gate, there is an unending flow of traffic, and once we're inside, I immediately see all sorts of hawkers.

 And right at the place where we just entered, there are a series of inns and stables.

 The citizens are mingling with the merchants, there are people wearing armor walking by, and the entire place looks like a fantasy out of a storybook.

 There are some people carrying huge luggage sitting right at an area as if they are waiting for something.

 What could it be?

 "Ghyslaine, do you know what that is?"

 I ask the person sitting opposite me.

 Having beast's ears and a tail, and wearing very revealing leather clothes with chocolate-colored skin underneath them, is a huge guy with muscles ----- No, it's a female swordswoman.

 Ghyslaine Dedorudia.

 Third in the Sword-God style rankings, a formidable swordswoman having the title of a Sword-King, has agreed to teach me swordsmanship where we are going to.

 She's the second teacher to me.

 "…… Kid."

 She reveals an irritated expression to my question.

 "Are you treating me as an idiot?"

 Ghyslaine glares at me fiercely, scaring me.

 "Ah no. I'm just. I don't know what that is, so I wanted to ask……"

 "Ah, sorry. That's what you meant."

 Seeing that I'm about to break into tears, Ghyslaine swiftly replies.

 "That's the waiting area for the public carriage. Going from city to city requires that, and if you pay the driver money, you can take it."

 Ghyslaine points to the shop houses one by one, telling me that this is a weapon store, that's a bar, and over there is some trading association. Hey wait, that's a pretty suspicious shop.

 Even though her appearance frightens people, she's very friendly.

 We enter into a corner, and the atmosphere changes.

 After the numerous stores catering to the adventurers, as we progress forward in the horse carriage, we see many residential shops.

 There must be people dwelling deep in the alley.

 It looks like a planned placement.

 If there are enemies around, the people surrounding here will defend, while the citizens escape into the heart of the city, or escape from the opposite direction.

 Since it's this kind of concept, the more you go in, the grander the horses are, and even the shops are taller.

 The deeper you go into the center, the richer the people.

 And then, right at the center of the city, is the tallest building.

 "This is the owner's mansion."

 "Rather than saying it's a mansion, this is more like a castle."

 It is said that 400 years ago, this place was held as the last line of defense. It's a city with a long history.

 So this is the castle in the city.

 But only the part about history is true, the nobles that are at the capital deem this as a place where many low class adventurers reside in.

 "It seems that the Ojou-sama's noble status is quite high since we're coming here."

 "Not exactly."

 Ghyslaine shakes her head.

 But since the Lord's mansion is already in front of my eyes, based on the earlier deduction, the people staying around here are obviously high class.

 ……… Or maybe not. Staying in this area situated near the borders, the rank might not be anywhere high.

 "Eh?"

 As I think of that, the driver greets the person at the mansion's gate.

 And enters it.

 "Is that the Lord's daughter?"

 "No."

 "Is it not?"

 "Almost."

 Is there some deep meaning to it? I just don't get it……

 The horse carriage stops.

 Part 2

 When we enter the mansion, we are brought into a room that looks like it is meant to entertain guests.

 The butler points towards the two sofas.

 This is the first interview for me.

 I'll do this carefully.

 "Please sit over there."

 I obey and sit down, and Ghyslaine leaves without saying a word and stands at the corner of the room.

 Which can oversee the entire area.

 If that happened back in my past life, I would think it was chuunibyou.

 "The young master is about to come. Please wait a moment."

 The butler pours a liquid that resembles red tea into a very high class teacup, and waits at the entrance.

 I drink the steaming liquid.

 It isn't bad. Even though I don't know how to sample the quality of red tea, this must be quite expensive.

 From the start, there was no beverage prepared for Ghyslaine. It seems like I'm the only one treated as a guest.

 "Where is it!"

 When I ponder over this stuff, a huge voice and angry footsteps travel from the side of the rooms.

 "Is it here?"

 A robust looking man roughly enters the room.

 His age seems to be around 50 years old, and his dark brown hair is mixed with a little white hair, but he seems to be in a pretty good shape.

 I place the cup down and stand up, bending my waist to 90 degrees.

 "I'm pleased to meet you, my name is Rudeus Greyrat."

 The man snorts in dissatisfaction.

 "Hmph, you don't even know how to make a greeting!"

 "Old master, Rudeus-dono has never left Buina village. He's still young and hasn't had the time to learn etiquette. Please forgive that small rudeness……"

 "Shut it."

 The butler doesn't speak after he gets shouted at.

 This old Master guy should be the one who hired me.

 He looks like he's really angry. As if I'm inadequate somewhere.

 Even though I want to greet with care, it seems that noble's etiquette has its set of rules.

 "Hmph, Paul doesn't even teach the formalities to his son!"

 "I heard that Father hated the stiff rules, and thus he purposely did not teach me."

 "An excuse right away! You're the same as Paul."

 "Does father always find excuses?"

 "What do you think? Whenever he opens his mouth, it's an excuse. If he wets the bed, he finds an excuse. If he quarrels, he finds an excuse. If he lazes in his studies, he also finds an excuse."

 I see. That's true.

 "If you want to learn something, at least know etiquette! You didn't try it at all and that is how you turned out this way!"

 But what he says isn't wrong and not without reason.

 I have only learned magic and the sword, and I never thought about learning something new.

 Perhaps my vision is too narrow.

 I must reflect on it earnestly.

 "You are right. This is indeed caused by my own hands. I apologize deeply for this."

 The old master stomps on the floor with his feet as I lower my head.

 "But it seems that you didn't use it as an excuse, and tried your best to present a formal pose! I'll allow you to stay in the mansion!"

 I don't really get what's going on, but it seems that I have been forgiven.

 After the old Master throws down this line, he turns his body vigorously and leaves like a storm.

 "Who is?"

 I look at the butler and ask.

 "The Lord of Fedoa. Sauros Boreas Greyrat-sama. He's Master Paul's uncle."

 So that guy's a lord.

 He's a little too overbearing. I really worry about his ruling. Well, there are many adventurers here, so if he doesn't have that imposing figure, he probably won't be able to handle the duties of a lord.

 Hm? Greyrat, Uncle……?

 "That means he's my Grandfather's brother?"

 "Yes."

 I had already guessed that Paul utilized the relationship that he broke off.

 But come to think of it, his old home is amongst the high ranking nobles.

 That guy must have been a young master from quite a good place somewhere.

 "What's wrong Thomas? Why is the door always open?"

 Another person enters from from the other side of the door.

 "But father looks quite happy. Did something happen?"

 A man with a slender body and bright tea-colored hair.

 According to the way he describes father, he must be Paul's cousin.

 "Young Master. I am really sorry. Old Master has just met Rudeus sama and seems to be pleased with him."

 "Hoh, a child that Father took notice of…… Did he choose wrongly? Hmm."

 He says while walking to the sofa opposite of me, and sits down.

 Ah, that's right, I better quickly greet him.

 "Pleased to meet you, my name is Rudeus Greyrat."

 I lower my head with almost the same bow that I did earlier.

 "Ah, my name is Philip Boreas Greyrat. When nobles do their greeting, they will bring their right hand to their chest and lower their head slightly. From the way you did it, you must have gotten scolded."

 "Is it something like that?"

 I imitated Philip's actions and raised my head a little.

 "Something like that, but the way you greeted isn't bad. If a blacksmith greeted Father that way, he would have probably been happy. Sit."

 Philip sits back down with a plop.

 I follow his directions to sit.

 ………… Has the interview started?

 "How much exactly do you understand?"

 "He said that if I teach the Ojou-sama here for 5 years, I will be supported with the fees to go into the Magic University."

 "Is that all?"

 "Yes."

 "I see……"

 Philips puts his hands under his chin, as if to think about something, and his eyes look at the table.

 "Do you like girls?"

 "Not to the level of Father."

 "Is that so? Okay. You pass."

 Ah? Ara?

 That was too fast, right?

 "As of now, that child only favors two people, Edena who teaches etiquette, and Ghyslaine who teaches the sword. Before this, 5 people have been sacked. One of them was a man who has even taught in the royal palace."

 Even if he taught at the royal palace, the way he teaches might not be good, but I didn't say that out loud.

 "………… Does this have anything to do with liking girls?"

 "Not at all. Because Paul is one who would try anything for a cute girl, I'm wondering if you're the same."

 Philip shrugs his shoulders.

 I'm the one who feels like shrugging. You actually grouped me together with that guy.

 "To be clear, I don't hold any expectations of you. Because you're Paul's son, I want you to try in any case."

 "Whoa. That's a little too clear."

 "What's the matter? Do you have the confidence?"

 I don't really have it.

 But even if I don't, I can't say it out loud in this atmosphere.

 "I'm not too sure until I meet her……"

 If I fail at this job and search for another, I'll be laughed at very hard by Paul. Saying something like you're still a child or something.

 Are you kidding me?

 How can I be laughed at by a guy who's younger than me?

 Muuu…

 "If it doesn't work out in reality……, let's try acting it out."

 I'll use my previous life's knowledge.

 A method to tame the Ojou-sama.

 "Act out. How does that work?"

 I describe it cleanly.

 "When I'm with the Ojou-sama, we will get kidnapped by a certain family's bad guy. I'll use language, math and magic to escape with the Ojou-sama, and return with our own strength to the mansion."

 After listening to my words, Philip keeps quiet for a while, but quickly understands the plot and nods.

 "In other words, you want her to take the initiative to learn. Interesting. But will it be that smooth?"

 "I think that it has a better chance than the adults educating her."

 A plot that usually happens in anime and manga.

 After witnessing or living through an incident, a child who hates books will learn the importance of learning.

 Even if it's a self directed and self acted scene.

 "Is that something that Paul taught, whatever that you said, a method to having girls feeding from your palms?"

 "No. Even if Father doesn't do all that, he's still very popular."

 "Popu…… Pffff……"

 Philip snorts in laughter.

 "That's true. That guy always had the ladies luck. Even if he stands there, there will be a girl coming up to him."

 "Anyone that Father knows seems to have hooked up with him. Even Ghyslaine over there seems to be one."

 "Ah. That's really something to be envious of."

 "I worry whether he will lay his hands on my friend in Buina village."

 After I say that, I begin to really worry.

 5 years later, she will grow up.

 When I go back, Sylphy has become one of my mothers. Oh my god.

 "You don't need to worry about that. Paul is only interested in girls who are "big"."

 Philip looks at Ghyslaine in the corner as he says that.

 "I, I see."

 I look at Ghyslaine. She's huge.

 Zenith and Lilia are also big.

 What do I mean by big?

 Of course, it's the boobs.

 "If it's 5 years, it should be fine. A mixed elf blood. Even if they grow up, they won't be so big. Also, I think Paul wouldn't be so sick."

 Is that so?

 And this guy actually knows that Sylphy is an elf.

 Then, as a precaution, I'll treat everything that has happened in Buina village, to have been thoroughly investigated.

 "I should say something like, "Will you try and seduce my daughter"?"

 "What exactly are you worried of from a 7 year old kid?"

 That's really too rude. I won't do anything at all. At most, she will fall in love with me. (I'll lead her).

 "But judging from Paul's letter, you were playing too much with that girl in the village, and he had to forcefully make you leave. Even though I think it's a joke, after listening to your plans just now, this might not be fake."

 "I'm only just a friend of Sylphy."

 And I want to raise my only friend to be my obedient girl.

 ------ Even if you tear my lips apart, that will never be said out loud.

 Some things that don't need to be said, shouldn't be said.

 "Well, fine. Nothing will progress if we just talk. I'll let you see my daughter. Thomas, bring her!"

 Philip stands up as he finishes saying that.

 Just like that, she and I meet.

 --- This shrew is really haughty.

 The first time I saw her, I made this judgment.

 She's older than me by two years. The corner of her eyes are raised, and she has wave-like hair.

 Her hair color is crimson. It's as if it's a pure red that has been painted on.

 Two words. Totally explosive.

 Perhaps she will become pretty, but most of the guys will think [It's impossible between me and her].

 Maybe a natural M……… Nah. Not even that low class.

 In any case, she's dangerous.

 Every cell in my body is screaming for me to not get close to her.

 "Pleased to meet you. My name is Rudeus Greyrat."

 But, in any case, I can't run away.

 I'll use what I learned just now.

 "Hmph!"

 She snorts the same way her grandfather did from the first look.

 She stands with both of her feet planted to the ground, looking at me with a condescending attitude. Looking down from above.

 She's taller than me.

 She displays an unhappy attitude after seeing me, and says:

 "What the heck? Aren't you smaller than me!? Are you joking to let someone like this teach me!?"

 Wah wah blah. Her pride seems to be really high.

 But I can't retreat from this.

 "I think that it doesn't have anything to do with age."

 "What did you say!? You dare to argue with me!?"

 Her voice is so loud. My eardrums are about to shatter.

 "It's merely something that Ojou-sama can't do, that I can do."

 With that said, Ojou-sama's hair seems to turn straight,

 I have never seen anger that can materialize.

 This is utterly frightening.

 Guh. crap. Why do I have to be scared of a child who hasn't turned ten?

 "What? You're too arrogant. Do you know who I am?"

 "You're my older cousin."

 I hide my fear, and answer.

 "Cousin……? What's that?"

 "My father's cousin's daughter. You can say that you're my Granduncle's daughter."

 "What kind of confusing rubbish is that!"

 Was it something incorrect?

 Well, maybe saying the name of the relative is easier.

 "Have you heard of the name Paul?"

 "How can it be possible that I heard it before!?"

 "Is that so?"

 I feel surprised that she doesn't know the name.

 In any case, I'll talk to her.

 You must keep on talking. The god of walkthroughs once said that.

 The next instant that I think of that.

 Ojou-sama raises her hand.

 Pam!

 "……… Eh?"

 That was too sudden.

 The Ojou-sama suddenly strikes me.

 My mind is a little confused, and I ask her.

 "Why did you hit me?"

 "Because you're so arrogant when you're smaller than me!"

 "Oh, I see."

 The cheek that was hit stings.

 That really hurts……

 The second image. Violence.

 I really have no choice.

 "Then, I'm hitting back."

 "Hah!?"

 I didn't wait for her reply and slapped her.

 Pu!

 That sounds really weird.

 It is probably that I'm not used to slapping. Well, never mind. It probably still hurts.

 "When you hit people, it hurts."

 Do you understand now ------? As I prepare to say that, I saw that Ojou-sama raising her fist in fury.

 The Deva King. Exactly the same.

 Without waiting for me to think, she hits me.

 I stumble backwards, and she continues with a kick.

 My entire body flies backwards, after that impact to my chest.

 The next moment, she has mounted me.

 My hands are sealed with with her legs.

 A, ara? I can't move?

 "Wait, hey."

 My awkward voice is covered by the Ojou-sama's roars of fury.

 "You actually attacked me! I'm going to make you regret it!"

 The punches come flying at me.

 "Ow, owww, s, stop, eh, no, stop that."

 After the 5th punch, I finally use magic and escape from under her.

 I hold my trembling legs together and stand up. Raising my hands, and preparing to use magic to engage her.

 I use a wind magic shock wave aimed at the Ojou-sama's face.

 "……No, longer can be forgiven."

 The Ojou-sama's face receives the blow and flies upwards, but she doesn't stop for one moment, and comes running like a monster.

 After seeing that expression, I realize I am wrong.

 I quickly run away in a tumbling manner.

 That isn't an arrogant Ojou-sama.

 That's like the protagonist in a delinquent manga.

 Maybe I can use magic to beat her senseless.

 But she will absolutely not listen to me.

 And once that Ojou-sama is revived, she will find me for revenge.

 I can try using Magic to bring her down every time.

 But she will not feel any setbacks.

 And she's different from the protagonist. Regardless of how despicable an act is, she will definitely use it.

 Like throwing a vase from the second floor, or hiding in some corner and using a wooden sword to cut me………

 She will use everything that she has, and return ten times the revenge.

 And she will not have mercy.

 This isn't a joke. I can't use healing magic if I don't chant it.

 And the battle doesn't end, she will never listen to me.

 Using brute force against her.

 That is not an option I can ever choose this time.

 And then, we go back to the beginning.

 After that, Ojou-sama gets tired and gives up looking, and returns to her bedroom.

 She didn't discover me.

 But she nearly found me. When that red haired devil walked in front of my eyes, I couldn't feel that I was alive. I have never thought I would experience the feelings of the protagonist in a horror movie.

 When I return to Philip in exhaustion, he smiles wryly to me.

 "How was it?"

 "Nothing works."

 I half cry when replying.

 When I got hit by her, I almost thought I would be killed. When I escaped, I almost cried out.

 I haven't experienced that for a really long time, and when I think about I remembered that, such a long time, which means I had experienced something like this before.

 Still. This isn't psychological trauma.

 "Then, are you giving up?"

 "I will not give up.]

 I haven't done anything.

 If I gave up so soon, wouldn't that mean that I got hit for nothing?

 "I need to request something from you."

 I lower my head to Philip with force.

 I need to let that beast know the meaning of true terror.

 "I got it. Thomas, go ahead and do the preparations."

 Philip instructs the butler, who then leaves the room.

 "But on that topic. The idea that you thought of was really interesting."

 "Is that so?"

 "Yes. You are the only one amongst the tutors that came up with such a big plan."

 "………… Do you think it will work?"

 I feel a little uneasy.

 Can I settle that Ojou-sama with my petty tricks?

 Philip shrugs.

 "That will depend on your efforts."

 He's completely right.

 With that, the plan is executed.

 Part 3

 I enter the room that has been allocated to me, and it seems to be filled with high grade goods everywhere. A huge grand bed, intricately designed furniture, beautiful window frames, and modern bookshelves.

 If I had coke and a PC, I could live here happily for the rest of my neet life.

 It's a good room.

 Perhaps I have the Greyrat name, and it's a room specially prepared for me to stay in, instead of giving me a servant's room.

 Speaking of servants. I don't know why there are are so many maids that are from the beast races.

 In this country, I heard that the demon races are discriminated against. Are the beast races an exception?

 "Haa……… Darn you Paul. You actually sent me to this crazy hell."

 I sit on the bed with my strength leaving me, and I hold my head that has a dull ache.

 The place that I was hit still stings.

 I mutter the chant to cast healing magic, and heal the wounds.

 "But, compared to my previous life, this is fine."

 The process of kicking me out of my home was the same, but this time it's different, and I don't need to roam the streets. A complete difference.

 Paul has arranged my life properly. A job and a place. Also, isn't there pocket money? That's an amazing level of care. If my siblings could've done that in my past life, maybe I could've pulled together.

 Helping me find a job, providing a place for me to stay, and watching over me and not letting me run……

 No, that's still insufficient.

 A 34 year old neet without work experience. They had no other choice but to abandon me.

 Plus even if they suddenly do something like that, I can only vent. I probably wouldn't even want to work.

 Pulling away from my love (computer), I might even commit suicide.

 Only now works.

 The job that has been found, and the determination to earn money. The current now.

 Even though it was done by brute force, the timing was picked very well. I might have blamed Paul wrongly. But what's with that? That crazy violent creature. This is the first time in my 40 year life that I have seen that.

 It can't be used by two kanji characters. It is the incarnation of violence.

 That was like a boiling water hardware.

 It nearly caused me to have a trauma. I nearly, or maybe you can already say I peed my pants.

 "I feel like whatever I do, she will go crazy."

 It even seems like she will just view me as "The enemy" and go crazy.

 For that Ojou-sama, I'm merely a target.

 I will be quartered.

 "……… No wonder she got chased out of school."

 The way she attacked people can only be deemed as well practiced.

 That is a way to beat down people. Regardless of whether the opponent can or cannot retaliate, she will just hit them without care.

 Even though she's only 9 years old, the process of how she makes people feel helpless is too practiced.

 Can I teach someone like her.

 Philip and I discussed it over.

 Let her get kidnapped and experience helplessness.

 And then, I'll rescue her. She will then respect me, and obediently receive my guidance.

 The plan sounds simple, but I know the basic process.

 If she doesn't do something unexpected, it should progress smoothly.<another example of probable reversed meaning, found a number of these>

 But will it really be smooth?

 That level of violence is beyond my imagination.

 Using all her strength to roar and yell. Biting down on her prey, and then tearing it to bits.

 A violence that triumphs will.

 If she gets kidnapped, will she not feel a thing?

 If I rescue her, will she do an expression as if all this was to be expected and say, "Why didn't you come earlier, trash."?

 It's possible.

 It's possible if it's that Ojou-sama.

 She might do something unexpected, and I must think of a solution for everything. I must put down my determination.

 No matter what, this cannot fail.

 I keep thinking it through.

 The steps to make this plan work.

 But as I think about it, my thoughts are sinking into a marsh.

 "God. Please bless me to succeed……"

 I can only pray at the end.

 I don't believe in God in the slightest.

 But, just like many Japanese, when something happens, we seek God's protection.

 Saying something like, "please let me succeed".

 When I discovered that my divine artifact, (panties) was left in my room, I cry.

 My god (Roxy) isn't here.

 --Status--

 Name: Ojou-sama

 Profession: Granddaughter of the lord of Fedoa

 Personality: Violent

 When talking to her: Doesn't listen

 Language: Only able to write her name

 Math: Single digits

 Magic: Not even a scintilla

 Sword: Elementary ranked in the Sword-God style

 Etiquette: Boreas's style greeting

 The people that she likes: Grandfather, Ghyslaine

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
