Volume 13  13 — Report

Volume 13 Chapter 13 - Report

 

 Part 1

 Things were a little bit flustered.

 First off, Aisha ran to the school to retrieve Norn.

 Was she being considerate because of the situation with Roxy? Or was it difficult to stay? Or was it because I called back Gisu?

 It seems that Elinalise's original plan had been to return to Cliff at once, but she was enduring it for now.

 Until they returned here, from Sylphy, I asked her about what happened here while I was away.

 Sylphy, understanding that I prioritized hearing about what happened here beforehand, didn't complain, and began explaining.

 First of all, the condition of Sylphy.

 Everything seems to be progressing favorably.

 According to what the doctor said, the matter of the baby being born was proceeding as well as can be expected.

 It seems all of my companions have been keeping well, also.

 When some minor incident occurred at the school the other day, Nanahoshi appeared suddenly and settled the matter.

 Doing something for someone of this world, did she finally change her way of thinking a little?

 Aisha and Norn managed to get along fine without any injuries or illnesses.

 Aisha it seems, has rapidly been expanding her interest in gardening,

 It seems she has begun cultivating a new type of plant in her room.

 Should I take the time to have her show me?

 At school, it seems Norn's existence has become something like that of an idol.

 There is even something like a Fan club that exists too.

 Norn is rather cute after all.

 Even Zanoba, Cliff, Rinia, and Pursena would sometimes drop by the house to check on the state of things.

 It seems Ariel had mumbled some complaints about me not stopping by and offering greetings.

 Ah, that's right; I seemed to have forgotten to do that.

 I will apologize the next time I see her.

 I should try not to increase my debts to her any further.

 At any rate, just from what I've heard, everyone seems to be doing fine.

 And when time allows, I will fill the others in on what happened as well.

 However, it seems there have been no sightings of Badigadi.

 Well, it's not like anything will happen to an immortal guy like him anyway.

 So what has happened in this last half-year?

 My cute as ever Sylphy put a finger to her chin, and gives it some thought.

 "Really, nothing and nobody of incident, huh?"

 "That's right. Nothing at all happened that Rudi needs to be concerned with."

 "I see."

 "Rather than that, let's talk about you, Rudi. What happened with you?"

 "Ah. I'll tell you. However, it will have to be after everyone has gathered. There are certain reasons for this."

 "…Okay. Ah, I'm so glad you came back."

 So, in the place we were chatting, Roxy has returned.

 I invite Gisu and company into the living room:

 Gisu, Talhand, Lilia, Vera, Shera, Elinalise, and Roxy.

 With Sylphy and I, does that make nine people?

 Even with so many people in the room, it is wide enough to accommodate many more.

 "Oh, is that Senpai's wife? Hehe, she's a cute one, isn't she? You are a lucky man, Senpai."

 "That is also my grandchild!"

 "Well, it seems that even this lewd b*tch's defective swellings can occasionally become a shining jewel."

 "What did you say!?"

 I give a sidelong glance to the back-and-forth going on between Elinalise and Gisu, and then the two of them greet Sylphy properly.

 Sylphy sits up straight, and returns the greetings in a formal manner.

 "Nice to meet you, I am called Roxy…Migurdia."

 "Roxy you say? Then you are the Shisho who Rudi is always in high praise of?"

 "Yes, well sort of…I don't know if I'm quite the person all of Rudi's prideful bragging has made me out to be."

 "How do you do? I always hear stories about you from Rudi, I am Sylphiette, it is my honor to finally meet you."

 "L-, likewise…"

 Roxy somehow made things very awkward.

 Even though I had a talk with her about this kind of thing just the other day, of course it would still turn out like this.

 However, that conversation is long gone.

 "It's been a while, Sylphiette-sama."

 "Lilia-san, how long it's been!"

 Towards Sylphy, Lilia respectfully straightens herself, and deeply bows.

 Sylphy seemed happy with the reunion, and her smile spread wide across her face.

 However, soon that smile became strained.

 "Umm, the way you just addressed me as Sylphiette-sama…could I have you call me Sylphy like you did back then?"

 "I cannot. It is because you have become the wife of Rudeus-sama, so it is not possible to do it like before."

 "Is, is that so…"

 Sylphy felt a sense of obligation.

 Maybe it was because Sylphy had been taught how to manage all of the household affairs from Lilia.

 Putting it in the right context, Lilia was something like Sylphy's Shisho.

 Much like how Roxy was for me.

 In that way, it's only natural one gives them their due respect.

 "Then, Auntie Zenith, it's been a while since I've seen you as well."

 Finally,

 Sylphy had spoken to Zenith.

 "…Umm…Auntie Zenith?"

 "…"

 Zenith just seemed to space out at the repeated calls of Sylphy.

 "Umm…"

 Sylphy saw all of the troubled faces of the gathered.

 I wonder if she was not having pleasant thoughts about being married to me, her face seemed to say it after all.

 "Sylphy. The thing with Father and Mother is… well, when Norn returns I'll explain it all."

 "Ah, that reminds me, I haven't seen Paul-san yet…"

 After I mentioned him, Sylphy began looking around for Paul.

 But partway looking, she seems to understand something seeing all the somber faces.

 And she closes her mouth and keeps silent.

 It was silent until Norn came back.

 Everyone that was gathered here had reached this implicit understanding.

 Part 2

 After a short time had passed, Aisha and Norn had returned.

 The both of them had run out of breath hurrying back.

 "Br, brother. It's been a long journey for you, thank you for all your hard work!"

 Norn, while still breathing raggedly, bows her head low.

 And, as she saw my hand, her face seems to be startled.

 "Brother, your hand, are you sure you are all right?"

 "Don't you worry, I'm fine. Although it makes a number of things inconvenient for me, I'm at least not feeling any pain from it."

 Compared to what I have to talk about after this; my left hand is a rather trivial matter.

 "If, if you say so."

 Norn while still breathing heavily, surveys the room restlessly, she mutters a "Huh?" while she sits down in one of the chairs.

 Aisha following suit, comes over by me, and asks me one thing.

 "…Onii-sama, before you begin your talk, wouldn't it be better if I served everyone tea first?"

 "That's a good idea. I'll leave it to you, since explaining everything may take some time."

 "Ah, sorry. That's really something I should have done, isn't it? …I'll lend you a hand."

 "No, I'll be fine without troubling the Missus."

 After asking it of her, Aisha begins to move immediately.

 Tea for everyone is prepared, everyone's luggage is moved together into a single place, jackets wet with snow are placed on hangers, everyone is given house-slippers to replace their travelling shoes, and the wet shoot is dried near the side of the fireplace.

 For no apparent reason, I could only watch her movements attentively.

 But then, it isn't only just I who is watching.

 She is also under the watchful gaze of Lilia.

 If I stop to think about it: it is always Lilia hard at work like this, back at the scene of the Labyrinth search.

 That girl, while everyone else fell into silence, is unable to do anything.

 It is a rare moment.

 "Aisha."

 Taking the right moment when the work of Aisha could be put on hold, Lilia calls out to her daughter.

 "Yes, what is the matter, Mother?"

 "It seems that you have been taking care not to trouble Rudeus-sama, and have been working here properly."

 "Yes."

 "Even though you happen to be related to Rudeus-sama by blood, do not forget that he is the benefactor of your life, as well. From here on out, don't lose focus, and always accomplish your duty properly as the household's maid."

 "Yes. Mother."

 Aisha's reply was strong, and Lilia's was professional.

 It was not the conversation of a parent and child.

 Thinking further on it, this is probably because they haven't met in such a long time.

 Even though, I still think it would be good for the both of them to have a heartwarming conversation.

 Well, it might be that right now, Lilia might just be acting prudent.

 Because from this point on, I have to explain a difficult thing:

 "Now that everyone is here, I will begin the talk."

 Though I am feeling reluctant, I have no other choice but to talk.

 Because of the fact that Paul isn't here to do it.

 "Umm, brother, Father isn't here yet…"

 Norn chimes in while sounding insecure.

 I wonder how angry she will be.

 She begged me to help dad, and I told her to leave it to me.

 And then to hear it from me that her father has died.

 I wonder, will you blame me?

 If you need to blame, then it is fine if you blame me.

 Because I couldn't fulfill the wish of Norn.

 I look around to everyone, and then I spoke,

 "Father…Paul Grayrat has passed away."

 "Ehh…?"

 Norn raises a short voice of bewilderment.

 Sylphy's face tries to conceal a painful expression.

 Aisha's eyes open wide, and she clenches her fist tightly.

 "These are his heirlooms to the family."

 As I say so, I placed, one-by-one, on the table the remaining equipment that once belonged to Paul.

 Sword, Tantou, Armor, and the Funerary Urn.

 There, were the four articles of the dearly departed.

 "…W, why!?"

 Norn stands up, and draws close to me.

 "Even though you went there! Why is it that father had to die!?"

 "I'm sorry…I just wasn't strong enough."

 "But, brother…!"

 Norn, as it is, keeps pressing me, she is about to grab me by the lapels.

 However, her momentum seems to stall.

 "……"

 My lost left hand is reflected in her eyes.

 Between my left hand, the Heirlooms on the table, and my face, Norn's glance comes and goes.

 Almost instantly, Norn's eyes begin to gather many tears.

 Although I feel guilty, I continue speaking,

 "Alright, from here on, I will explain in detail what happened."

 "…*sob*…O-kay."

 From behind, Aisha places a hand on Norn's shoulder.

 "Now now, Norn-nee."

 "I'm fine, I get it already…!"

 Norn shakes off Aisha's hand, and returns to her seat.

 Aisha has remained standing idly by, but soon returns at once behind Sylphy.

 "Now then, where should I begin explaining it from first―"

 I gave a summary explanation for each of the events that happened.

 Traveling together with Elinalise to Lapan, and then meeting Paul there again.

 Relying on the information about the whereabouts of Zenith; capturing the Teleport Labyrinth with Paul and company.

 Having a smooth ride up until the end; then having a hard fight with the Guardian. Me losing my hand and Paul losing his life.

 Though we rescued Zenith, she had become an invalid.

 On the way out, Gisu handled the supplements, and slowly, one at a time, got us able to talk again.

 Finally, Norn has heard it.

 "Then, it's like neither Father nor Mother were saved at all?"

 "I'm afraid so."

 With those words, I nod slowly.

 It seems like Norn's hair would stand on end.

 However, she did not explode.

 While she bit down on her lower lip, she keeps staring at my left hand.

 "Did brother really try his best?"

 "I believe I gave all that I had to it."

 "Then, even if Brother gave it his best, and it still ended up this bad, it wouldn't have mattered who went…"

 Norn tries to say something that would help her regain her composure.

 However, just as quickly tears come back into her eyes.

 "But, at any rate…Father's death, not serving any real purpose…*sob*…Wa…WAAaaaaaaaah"

 She crumbles then, and large tears begin spilling out like rain, it couldn't be stopped any longer.

 She cries.

 Norn cries.

 She cries loudly.

 It is a cry that pierces deeply into the heart.

 It is a voice crying out for anyone to give her some relief to her pain.

 Norn cries magnificently.

 Crying, and crying.

 Crying with "waah-waah."

 She cries, at the thing that all the others up until now could not grieve over.

 We all listen to it, Norn's heartbreaking cry.

 It takes a short while.

 But Norn finally stops crying.

 Her eyes are swollen red, and her throat makes a *hic hic* sound.

 But then, she turns towards me, and her eyes hold, but a single determination in them.

 "Brother…"

 "What is it?"

 "That is, Papa's sword, I…*hic*, is it alright…that I can have it…?"

 What Norn was pointing at is Paul's beloved sword.

 The sword Paul already had at the time I was born.

 Paul has owned this sword for a very long time.

 And was always carried on his body.

 "Ah. That's right. You must take care of it. However you must not go using it recklessly."

 "…?"

 "Just because you have a sword, you should not make the mistake of thinking that merely having it makes you strong."

 That, was it around the time of my fifth birthday?

 When Paul gave a sword to me, and said the same thing?

 "Under…stood."

 After telling Norn such a thing, she holds the sword in her arms tightly to her chest.

 I believe she is a strong child.

 In a situation like this, it wouldn't be strange if she shuts herself away in a room and just cries.

 She properly faced Paul's death.

 Unlike I, who made the grave mistake of not being able to properly crawl back up again without having to receive Roxy's rescuing.

 Truly, she is such a strong child.

 As far as the other Heirlooms, they will be distributed in the family.

 Aisha chose the Tantou, and I was left with the Armor.

 I will make a grave later for the urn, with the intention to bury it there.

 Though, by the time I finish thinking about that intention, Zenith casually moves to the table, and picks up the armor.

 "…Mother?"

 "……"

 Even if I call out to her, Zenith says nothing.

 As usual, she just continues on as an invalid.

 However, the movement she makes is as if she understood what kind of scene had just unfolded before her.

 Is it a coincidence?

 No, the part of Zenith, that is the nucleus of Zenith, may still be intact inside of her.

 At any rate, even though it became such a state that I had no memento for myself, I'm fine with it.

 Because there are so many other things that only I had received from Paul.

 Part 3

 "Now then, the next part is the matter concerning Mother."

 I explain the condition of Zenith once again.

 How there was a loss of memory, and how most of the stuff that makes her Zenith is gone.

 "Can she be healed?"

 I shake my head at the question Sylphy poses.

 "I don't know."

 For now, my intention is to have a doctor of healing techniques take a look at the situation with Zenith.

 Although I have not heard of a Healing magic that can cure memory loss, as of yet,

 And, even if I thought about it, I wouldn't even know where to begin looking for the origin.

 Loss of memory from being confined in a magic crystal.

 Could it be something a bit like an oxygen deficiency disease?

 Since it's not something I could describe, I also think that makes the possibility of it being healed low, as well.

 In this world, if you suffer damage to the brain, there is no medical technology to cure you.

 At the very least, it's not something applying Advanced grade healing magic can cure.

 In the case of mangas, the usual method is to have them receive a sudden shock to be cured, but I would rather avoid coming to test that method out with Zenith.

 However, will curing it really be a blessing?

 Paul died trying to save Zenith.

 And Zenith might come to blame herself.

 And if that's the case, if her memory doesn't return, she might possibly be happy.

 …No, there shouldn't be any reasoning like that.

 There should be efforts to recover her memories.

 "At any rate, it is necessary to find treatment and nursing for Mother."

 Nursing.

 Supposing for a moment that in my former life my parents did not die, and instead became old and bedridden.

 Would it have been arranged that I am the one to provide the nursing care?

 "It is my wish to have Mother live together in this house with us."

 From the outset, so as to not disturb my daily life; Lilia had proposed that a separate room be rented.

 Because there was the gold earned from the conquered Teleport Labyrinth, I could live comfortably for at least 10 more years in this town.

 However, I vetoed that proposal.

 I could not allow such a thing after all.

 After all that, Paul who died would never forgive me if I did that.

 "Though I will be leaving the majority of the care to Lilia-san, everyone here should be able to help with any minor inconveniences."

 "I understand. I will also try my best too."

 Sylphy also acknowledged it, and pleasantly agrees to it as well.

 Nobody seems to have any objection to it.

 Even if they did, I am not going to let an objection stand in the way.

 Even Paul's last feeling on this matter before dying was about protecting Zenith.

 What was the real meaning behind those words? Even now, I still haven't a clue.

 Since Paul died, I have to be the one to protect Zenith now.

 Well, even though I say nursing, it's not exactly like Zenith has Alzheimer's.

 Rather it's more like she has become an empty shell.

 And with Lilia providing constant supervision, everything should be fine.

 However, for that to work there is a certain necessary arrangement that needs to be taken care of first.

 "Umm, then that means, that mother will also be living here, as well?"

 Aisha seems to lament over that question.

 It is a voice of someone perplexed or anxious.

 "Yes. Aisha. It seems for some time I will be in the care of Rudeus-sama."

 Is Lilia something like an obstruction for Aisha, after all?

 Because Lilia is an education-minded mother.

 The Aisha released from under Lilia, seemingly spending every day happily away.

 But, if Aisha started to become dissatisfied from now on, it might not be good.

 I suppose, if I suddenly start speaking of such things, of course, Aisha couldn't help becoming perfectly angry with me.

 "Such things like allotment of work will have to be done won't they…?"

 "That's something we can discuss later. I intend to do work that mainly centers around caring for Zenith, however, I will also take care of any work that may pile up as well."

 "…Understood."

 Aisha did not voice dissatisfaction.

 Maybe she is weak when it comes to her mother?

 A hard voice and a gloomy expression,

 Seeing that appearance on Aisha, the one who intervenes is Norn.

 "Aisha-nee."

 Norn places her hand on Aisha's shoulder and whispers away.

 "It's us, you don't have to hold it back any more, you know?"

 Aisha, hearing those words, took turns looking at me, Lilia, and Norn.

 Lilia also watches me again, as well.

 I have no idea what is being requested of me.

 However, I nod anyway, for the time being.

 Then, Aisha suddenly stands up and throws her arms around Lilia.

 "M, Mom…!　You are uninjured, and safe, thank goodness!"

 Aisha's face is buried in the stomach of Lilia while she cries.

 "I'm home, Aisha…"

 Lilia, with a gentle-looking expression strokes the head of her daughter.

 I see.

 Of course, it's like that.

 Of course, Aisha would have a complicated heart as well.

 For her, Lilia is mother.

 Of course, it goes without saying there are the feelings that pray for the peace of Paul and Zenith as well.

 However, the feeling that prayed for the safety of Lilia should of course be stronger too.

 And Lilia had actually managed to come back safely.

 Of course, it's a situation where one shouldn't remain obediently composed.

 Please forgive this guy who ever doubted such a thing.

 Part 4

 Afterwards, we spoke of minor details, and conclude the return report.

 There is then the financial allocation, at the behest of Gisu.

 An enormous fortune extends to all hands involved.

 However, even this was not enough to cheer the faces of everyone up.

 "Now then, that is, we should probably be sounding out a hotel to stay at for now."

 At the same time the report had ended, Gisu stands up.

 Everyone else also seems to reel into it, Vera, Shera, and Talhand all stood up.

 I try to detain them in a hurry.

 "Just for today, wouldn't it be fine if everyone stayed?"

 "Eh, Senpai? There's things you need to do that outsiders would make troublesome, plus I'm a bit insensitive when it comes to these kinds of things…"

 With the words Gisu offered as the natural course of action, the three of them each grab their luggage,

 They put on the shoes and jackets that had not finished drying as well.

 "……"

 After all, I at least determined to see them off from the entrance way.

 To the four people who I tried to detain when they tried to make their exit, I call out to them,

 "Everyone. For a long time, my father has received your assistance, I am truly thankful for all you have done for him."

 I bowed especially deeply towards Vera and Shera.

 Those two had been helping Paul since they were in Milishion.

 Though, I did not have too many conversations with them, they had played an important support role when it came to the Teleport Labyrinth.

 The distinguished shadows.

 "It's nothing. Rather, we are sorry, that we weren't able to be of more use."

 "When you find the place for Captain Paul's grave, please tell me later on."

 The answer from those two was short.

 For those girls, I wonder what kind of a person was Paul to them.

 Even after the search group was disbanded, they followed him to Begaritto.

 Maybe it was some kind of special relationship.

 However, even if there was something about Paul that endeared him to them, that doesn't apply to me.

 "From here on out, what are your plans?"

 "When winter ends, we'll return to Asura Kingdom. There are people from the search group who helped us out back then, we need to pay back."

 "Is that so, well then take care of yourselves!"

 "Right, Rudeus-san also, even if things seem difficult from now on, take care of yourself."

 To them, once more, I bow my head deeply, while they disappear into the snow.

 The search group.

 Now, I remember, the story of Zenith's family assisting Paul's activities with a bit of financial support.

 That Zenith is safe…cannot be said, however, I should probably report on how things have become.

 But, even if I send so many letters, I have no idea when or if they will properly reach her family.

 While I think this, Gisu taps my shoulder.

 "See you then, Senpai."

 "Gisu-san, Talhand-san."

 "What is it? Ah, here comes that annoying face."

 "…You two, what are your plans from here on out?"

 When I said it, Gisu scratches his head for a bit.

 "We intend to head to Asura as well. We have Begaritto money, and the money from the magic items that we want to exchange."

 "Do you plan to exchange it all?"

 "Pretty much, though I have a few plans to use some of it on myself."

 I also have some magic items remaining on hand.

 Though I want to do some inquiries on the effects these items happen to have.

 One of them is a dagger that is such a match I could substitute it for Paul's Tantou.

 Though for the time being, unless I find a good use for it, I plan to put it into the basement's storehouse.

 If I happen upon a time when I need to sell it for money, it will be fine to sell it off then.

 Even some of the items with the more ridiculous effects, can be exchanged for a large fortune.

 However, the stone that absorbs magic, that is a different matter.

 If possible, I want to study it in detail when I have the time.

 So that should I fight against a similar opponent, I can try and discover a method on how to deal with it, instead of finding myself once again unable to do anything.

 Though, it's possible that I might not learn anything at all from it; it's better that I try, than do nothing at all.

 "If Senpai wants, I can take some of your items to Asura?　If I sell them there, I can fetch a much higher profit, if that suits you?"

 In Asura Kingdom, the prices of items are high, and the money of Asura Kingdom can pretty much be spent anywhere on Central Continent.

 If you want to sell an item, doing so in Asura is the best idea.

 "So, is it your plan then on the way back to run away after squandering all that money on gambling?"

 "Oh, wai, no, what? Do you really think I'd take Senpai's money and run?"

 Gisu tries to deflect, but his eyes are swimming around suspiciously.

 If he took an item from me, he might really have intended to use the proceeds to go gambling.

 Well, it's fine, even if that's how he is, I am indebted to Gisu.

 After all, without this guy, there was no way we would have been able to traverse the Teleport Labyrinth.

 "I'm kidding."

 "Well, I live the life of a gambler after all, huh?"

 Gisu said so, raised the sides of his mouth, and laughs in a nihilistic way.

 "Then, after that?"

 "Return to adventuring. Besides, there is still so much more we want to do."

 "I see."

 "Well, I'll be around here until winter is over, wasting away my free time drinking sake. You haven't forgotten your promise, to introduce me to a nice female monkey, now, have you?　My Senpai in marriage and children would certainly holds some easy access to some fine merchandise like that, right?　Heh heh heh."

 Yeah, certainly Gisu isn't planning on leaving, just yet.

 However, one thing I know about this man named Gisu, is that when it is time for him to leave, he won't give his regards.

 He's the kind of guy who just has to up and disappear.

 So, I must finish giving gratitude properly now, before the chance escapes me.

 "Gisu-san…"

 "Senpai. Your tone's been strange for a while now y'know? How about you just say, [Oi, newbie] like you usually do?"

 "…Why do you seem to be fixed on that whole newbie thing?"

 When I said that, Gisu laughed hard.

 "It's a Jinx!"

 Jinx.

 That word, given so inadequately as a reason, made my heart fall with a thump.

 Well, because he says it's the jinx, it can't be helped.

 "At any rate, to the both of you, for everything you have helped with up until now, I thank you very much."

 "It's fine like this. Then, stay healthy, Senpai."

 When I bow deeply, Gisu begins to walk, waving his hand as he does.

 "Hmm, you know, there's no way to thank your friends properly. Paul wasn't one for saying it. You don't need to express your gratitude like that with us…is all."

 Talhand said that while shaking his heavy body trying to walk alongside Gisu.

 I watch the backs of those two until they disappear from my view.

 "All men want to have times when they can act cool, don't they?"

 Suddenly when I noticed, Elinalise had appeared next to me.

 While I was paying my parting respects, it seems Sylphy had some kind of conversation with her.

 I wonder what it was about?

 If it was about a certain topic, I had told her before that I already intended to talk about everything properly with Sylphy.

 Because of Elinalise's meddling with that situation, she might have been laying the groundwork for it just now.

 Honestly, even though I'm grateful for her concerns, I am feeling a bit reluctant.

 "Well then, I am heading over to Cliff's place. I'm way past my limit already."

 Elinalise said something suggestive, and pats her abdominal region.

 It seems I've given her a fair share of hardships as well.

 With the going and coming back, she had relations with about three people that I am at least aware of.

 The usual thing as always, though she laughs it off and says not to mind it, it was not something I could laugh away.

 "Even you Elinalise-san, I'm deeply grateful for all your kindness towards me."

 Elinalise gave me a bitter look when I said that.

 "…As for what happened to Paul, please forgive me for that as well."

 "No, that belongs to me."

 My mistake, my carelessness.

 Even though I thought I said as much, Elinalise continues speaking.

 "But my role in that party, was to keep moving about so something like that didn't happen. It was because of my mistakes that Paul died."

 There was no way she could have done such a thing.

 Every one of us in that place fought desperately.

 Evading the Hydra's trump cards, one after another, in what was a relatively little distance, then the Hydra suddenly behaving in such a desperate way, with no kind of planning.

 At least Elinalise wasn't the only one blaming herself over being the cause of Paul's death.

 "I will never blame you! Nor anyone else!"

 "Fine then, but you can't go blaming yourself either then."

 "…I won't."

 "Then, I'm off!"

 Elinalise says that, and promptly runs off into the snow.

 Her own return report will start after this.

 "…Whew."

 I heave a long sigh.

 My white breath fades away into the snow.

 Now then.

 Now then, with the matter of the Teleport Incident, it seems I have finally come to the long end of it all.

 All the family I had lost, I had found again.

 In the world, while there may be others who have not yet been found, I no longer feel any obligation to look for them anymore.

 It was concluded.

 It was long, and painful.

 And the final result left a bitter taste.

 However, it is the next developments from here,

 Instead of looking behind me; it is now time for me to be facing forward.

 There are things in this world that I want to do that I have still not done after all.

 I must have a point to fix my eyes on.

 "Rudi. Has everybody already returned?"

 I look around, and see Roxy standing behind me.

 "I wanted to talk with them a little, too…"

 "They are still in this town, it'll be easy to meet with them when you have some free time."

 "That's true."

 Roxy doesn't begin walking away in the snow.

 She alone will be staying in this house.

 Though it is dependent on the upcoming discussion as to whether she becomes a resident of a nearby hotel, or this house.

 "Well then, Roxy."

 "Yeah, Rudeus."

 "Shall we go inside…?"

 I return into the house.

 Accompanying me is Roxy, small in stature.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
