Volume 13  14 — Hell

Volume 13 Chapter 14 - Hell

 

 Part 1

 Five people remained in the room. They were Sylphy, Norn, Aisha, Roxy and I. Also, Jirou, the armadillo, was happily sleeping in front of the fireplace, but it should be fine if I don't count him.

 Lilia and Zenith are in the bath. Before they went in, Lilia asked me [Will you be okay?] to which I nodded. I want to end this discussion without Lilia's help.

 Norn hasn’t returned to her room and stays here, with us. But as expected, it was tough on her as she is still sniffling. Since she was attached to Paul, it should be tougher on her than other people.

 "Now then, there's one last topic."

 When I say this, the three of them straighten up in their chairs.

 I exchange looks with Roxy. Without saying anything, Roxy moves to my side.

 "…"

 Seeing Sylphy's swollen belly, I hesitate about the next topic. However, I have a responsibility. One day, Roxy will become like this too. If for instance Sylphy says no, then Roxy might have to deliver a child by herself. That's what the two of us have agreed on for now. Of course, I plan on giving her money and support though.

 "I was thinking of accepting Roxy here, as my second wife."

 "…Eh?"

 The one who raises a bewildered voice isn't Sylphy, but Norn. Standing up, her gaze alternates between Roxy and I. As for Sylphy, she is staring blankly.

 "W-, what is this!?"

 "I plan on explaining from start to finish."

 I explain what happened on the Begaritto continent.

 About how Paul died and how depressed I was.

 About how, seeing this, Roxy saved me.

 About how it seemed that I was in love with Roxy.

 About how I respected her, and wanted her to become a member of our family.

 "Though I had no intention of betraying Sylphy, in the end, I broke my promise. I'm sorry."

 I kneeled down. Though there was a carpet spread across the floor, northern winters are cold, so the floor was cold. I pressed my head deeply against the floor.

 "Eh-, wai-, Rudi!?"

 I could hear Sylphy's flustered voice.

 "I still love you, Sylphy. But, I might have gotten Roxy pregnant. I have to take responsibility."

 "Ah, okay."

 The more words I pile up, the cheaper they sound to me. However, they're my true thoughts.

 When I look at Sylphy, I find that she has a troubled face. Her mind might be in chaos. It's understandable. A person said that they loved you, and that they would come back without fail. When they do come back, they are in tatters. They've lost their family and their left hand. But because of the fact that at least their life is intact, you are thinking that it is something to be happy about; when suddenly they say something about making some other woman their wife.

 Were it me, I'd shout, and shout, and condemn them.

 But, I'll speak. Even if it's unreasonable, I'll speak words to force my way through.

 "Sylphy. Please forgive me, and allow it."

 "There's no way you could be forgiven, right!?"

 It was Norn. The one who shouted wasn't Sylphy, but Norn. She powers over to me and grabs my collar.

 "Are you going to say you know what kind of feelings Sylphy-nee had when she was waiting for you, Nii-san!?"

 "…"

 "Every day, [I wonder if Rudi is okay], [I want to see Rudi], [I wonder if Rudi's eaten dinner yet] she'd say. Do you know how lonely Sylphy-nee's voice and expressions were!?"

 I don't. Though I don't, I can imagine it. Sylphy's face as she waited for me. Sylphy's lonely voice. Sylphy's form as she idled on a chair, swinging her legs about.

 "I thought that it couldn't be helped if Otou-san couldn't be saved! Since it was that difficult a fight and you'd even lost your hand, I thought it couldn't be helped! That's why I thought it'd be barking up the wrong tree if I blamed you, Nii-san, but you actually had the leisure to sleep with another woman and make her yours!?"

 "That's not it. I didn't have that sort of leisure. It's because things were like that, that Roxy ignored her own feelings and helped me."

 "Were Sylphy-nee there, she'd definitely have helped you!"

 That's probably absolutely true. Sylphy has helped me. The one who cured my ED was Sylphy.

 However, Roxy has also helped me. She liked me, and despite her knowing that I had someone I loved, she was prepared to throw away her own feelings to help me.

 "Norn, even you should understand, right? The feelings you have when you lock yourself in your room, when you have no way out, when you feel that you can't do anything. How could you ignore the person who saved you from that?"

 "I understand! I'm thankful to you, Nii-san! But, this and that are different matters! If you take two wives, Milis-sama won't forgive you!"

 Aah. I see. Norn was an adherent of Milis, huh? No, it probably doesn't have to do with her faith, huh. I've done something wrong. I try to ignore reason, and force my way through.

 "In the first place, why a small kid like this!? Isn't she about the same age as me!?"

 Norn glares at Roxy. Expressionless as usual, Roxy looks at Norn. Roxy is a little taller, but the difference in height probably isn't even 10 centimeters. Receiving Norn's gaze without expression, Roxy simply says,

 "…I might be small, but I'm still an adult."

 I don't know what to say. You could almost see into Roxy's heart by listening to that trembling voice.

 But depending on how you took it, those words could probably be interpreted as impudence. Norn is enraged.

 "If you're an adult, then shouldn't you know some shame!?"

 "…"

 "Don't you think anything of butting into our family like this!?"

 "Norn, you've said too much. The one who proposed making her my second wife was I. Roxy hasn't done anything wrong. Roxy had wanted to back away."

 I refuted Norn in a strong tone. However, Norn continues to condemn Roxy without looking at me.

 "Please be quiet, Nii-san! In the first place, if she was going to back away, why didn't she stick to it? In the end, she just took advantage of your words, Nii-san!"

 I have a thought to hit Norn. However, it goes without saying that I'm not qualified to do such a thing. If I hit Norn here, I'll probably become worthless in the true meaning of the word.

 "…"

 At Norn's shout, Roxy stays quiet for a while. With her usual expressionless face, she's hanging her head and looking at the floor. In the end, she finally raises her head and bows to Norn.

 "You're right. I'm being shameless. I'm sorry."

 Saying this, Roxy gets up and slowly moves. Picking up the luggage she left in the corner of the room and putting on her hat, she quickly leaves. I can't stop her. I understand why they're opposed. I didn't think that they would humor me and easily accept it. But even so, I thought that I'd be able to persuade them somehow.

 But I was naive. I consider the current situation. Roxy was relentlessly attacked with words. She probably feels like she's on a bed of nails.

 Her life might continue to be this way from now on. Thinking about it, she didn't want to stay here.

 Were it me, I'd run away from somewhere like this.

 I can't stop her.

 I can't hold her back.

 But I can't let Roxy leave here with ill feelings.

 I don't want that.

 I have to pay her back.

 I didn't bring her here to make her feel this way.

 I brought her here because I wanted her to be happy.

 Or could it be something else?

 No, think.

 What should I do?

 What should I do to make Norn accept it?

 I can't think of anything.

 Roxy is leaving.

 I have to stop her at least.

 Right, even if I hit Norn and she hates me-

 "Wait!"

 I hear a voice behind me.

 "Roxy-san, please wait!"

 It is Sylphy. She has stood up, trots over to Roxy, and grabs her hand. Roxy turns around, and large tears are gathered in her eyes.

 "Why are you stopping her, Sylphy-nee! Isn't it fine just to let her go!?"

 "Norn-chan. Could you be quiet for a little bit?"

 "Eh?"

 "Just now you said too much, you know. From the beginning, I never said a word about refusing, after all."

 At Sylphy's words, Norn becomes speechless and freezes.

 "Please sit down."

 Paying a backward glance to the frozen Norn, Sylphy sits Roxy down on the sofa. Roxy doesn't resist and did as she is told. Sylphy too, takes a seat next to Roxy.

 "Though things have gotten a little chaotic… You saved Rudi, right, Roxy-san?"

 Asked that, Roxy meekly nods.

 "…Yes. But I had ulterior motives, so I don't plan on using it as an excuse."

 "Mn. Rudi is cool, isn't he? On the contrary, had you said that you didn't have ulterior motives, I wouldn't have believed you."

 "…"

 "Were I in your shoes, Roxy-san, I think I really would've done the same thing."

 Sylphy makes a gentle expression, smiling at Roxy. Roxy's face is stiff. Whilst smiling, Sylphy continues.

 "…You know, honestly speaking, I thought that it was just a matter of time."

 "Umm, sorry, what was?"

 "Rudi bringing back another woman."

 Me, bringing back another woman was just a matter of time…

 …Mn?

 …Huh?

 Could it be, that they didn't believe in me?

 "I mean, look, Rudi is perverted, right? That's why I thought that once he couldn't do it with me; he'd definitely do it with someone else. It was like that for me too; since Rudi is sincere, after doing it he'd probably try to take them in as his wife. I didn't think I'd be able to monopolize Rudi forever, you know."

 I want to speak up. But, it really is as she said. I'm not qualified to say anything.

 "Though, honestly speaking, I thought that when he did bring someone back, it'd be someone like Rinia, or Pursena, or maybe Nanahoshi-san."

 "Besides the name Nanahoshi-san, I haven't heard the other names."

 "They're Rudi's friends from school. All of them are sexy with big chests."

 Nanahoshi isn't particularly sexy, though. No, that kind of thing isn't important right now.

 "Honestly, because the story of your journey was so harsh, and Paul-san died as well, so I was a little bewildered, but… I understood."

 "About what?"

 "Because you had always been looking at Rudi anxiously since coming to our house, I was wondering what was wrong. At first, I thought it was because you were nervous about telling us about Paul-san's death, but… it was actually 'that' after all."

 "…"

 "Roxy-san, your eyes are those of a maiden in love, after all."

 A maiden in love. Being told that, Roxy's face is dyed bright red.

 "Excuse me. I've shown you something unpleasant…"

 Her face still red, Roxy bows her head. From the perspective of a wife, a woman looking at her husband lovingly would probably be an eyesore. That line of thinking is something you can vividly understand. However, Sylphy shakes her head.

 "It wasn't unpleasant, you know."

 "…However."

 "I wonder how I should say it…"

 Sylphy tilts her head in thought for a little, and then quickly goes, 'Mn,' and nods.

 "You know, I've heard about you from Rudi before, Roxy-san."

 "What about?"

 "Just that 'Roxy' was a magician that he respected. Before the Teleport incident, and then after we got married as well, he said the same thing."

 "…That's um, I'm humbled."

 "That's why I was a little jealous as well. Whenever Rudi spoke about you, he looked like he really~ longed for you."

 "…"

 "I one-sidedly thought of Roxy Migurdia as an amazing enough magician that someone like me would never be able to compare with her."

 "…"

 "But when I actually saw you, when I thought of you as just a normal girl who was in love with Rudeus, my jealousy vanished."

 Saying that, Sylphy takes off Roxy's hat and strokes her head. Looking up at Sylphy, Roxy doesn't resist, and lets herself be pat. Sylphy then speaks.

 "Though Norn-chan said what she did, I'll welcome you."

 Roxy's face was in shock. My jaw drops in shock as well. Not even in my dreams did I think Sylphy would so easily accept it.

 "Sylphiette…-san."

 "Just 'Sylphy' is fine. Let's get along. Umm, Roxy-…chan?"

 "Um, I technically turn 50 this year, so adding -chan is…"

 "Ah, so that's how it is. You're my elder… Sorry. Come to think of it, that's right. I'd heard about this from Rudi, but actually seeing it, you know…?"

 "I'm small, after all."

 "I'm not big either, you know?"

 Roxy and Sylphy's gazes meet, and the two of them laugh.

 "Let's support Rudi together, Roxy."

 "Thank you very much, Sylphy."

 Saying this, the two shake hands. It is a handshake filled with an odd sense of solidarity.

 Seeing this, I let out a sigh of relief. It seems things will be fine. I unconsciously let my feelings show. However, seeing me, Norn's eyebrows knit together in a frown.

 "If Sylphy-nee says so, then I don't have anything left to say either."

 It seems that Norn still can't accept it. Her mouth upturned in a へ, she's glaring at us with an unhappy expression. We might be scorned by her again. However, Sylphy softly pacifies her.

 "Norn-chan. Rudi isn't a follower of Milis, so please forgive him."

 "But…"

 "Even Paul-san had two wives, you know?"

 "…That was certainly the case, but…"

 "Norn-chan. Will you say this to Lilia-san, as well?"

 Norn looks like she gasped, and looks at Aisha, who was sitting by her side. Aisha has been sitting there silently the whole time, with a prim and proper expression.

 "Ah-… Sorry, Aisha."

 "It's fine, it's fine. I know that Norn-nee often says things without thinking."

 "…What's with that way of speaking!?"

 "I mean, look. Even just now, you said something like that, right? Despite what Sylphy-nee said, you just forced your own thoughts on us, didn't you, Norn-nee?"

 "Wha-!"

 Norn violently stands up. Seeing her clenched fists, I scold Aisha.

 "Aisha, you've said too much."

 "But Onii-chan."

 "I can understand what Norn wants to say. Honestly, despite what Sylphy said, it's an abnormal situation. If it's not considerate of others' feelings, I'm guilty of that too. You mustn't criticise Norn."

 "Well, if you're going to say that much, Onii-chan…"

 "…"

 Norn is making a complicated expression. Like she didn't know what to do, at all. It was that kind of expression.

 "…I'm going to sleep."

 She quickly makes to leave the living room. However, as though she suddenly remembers something, she stops her feet and turns to me. She half-mutters.

 "Um, Onii-san…"

 "What is it?"

 "Next time, could you teach me the sword?"

 For a moment, I didn't understand what she is saying.

 The sword. Does she mean that she wants to use Paul's sword?

 I get the feeling that if she learns half-assed self-defense; on the contrary, she'll only end up ruining her body. But this is that kind of world. It'd probably be better to know swordsmanship. Even if it were only a small strength, it'd be better than nothing, after all. The problem would be whether I'd be of use as a teacher.

 "Are you fine with me?"

 "Though I still can't really accept what you've done, I don't hate you, Onii-san."

 "…Yeah."

 What I had meant was [Are you fine with someone who just half-assed the sword], but… Well, if I'm told that she doesn't hate me, then I'm not going to refuse.

 "Alright. I'll make room after school or sometime."

 "Please do."

 Saying this, Norn returns to her room.

 "…"

 At any rate, I guess the result was all right, huh? In the end, I couldn't do a thing, huh. I was saved by Sylphy's magnanimity.

 "You know, Onii-chan," starts Aisha, "Right now you look incredibly pathetic, you know?"

 Without replying, I agree.

 Part 2

 After that, the three of us are planning and discussing what we would do from now on.

 The turns we'll take sleeping together, for example, or times when we could fawn on each other. It might have been because we were frankly speaking about things like that too, but Aisha decides to take her exit.

 "Well then, Roxy-san. From tomorrow onwards, please take care of me."

 "Yes. Please look after me as well."

 Despite grumbling, Aisha looks a little happy. I wonder why.

 Well, whatever. It's Sylphy, Roxy, and I as well. The three of us now start our discussion. You might be wondering what the hell we're talking about when Paul's died. However, it's exactly because of that, that we want a cheerful topic.

 "Basically, please have Rudi treat Sylphy as the main wife, and just spare me some time whenever you're free. I'm fine with it like that."

 "That's no good. We have to be treated equally."

 "However…"

 "The number of wives might still increase, so why don't we be confident?"

 Might still increase. You can feel Sylphy's lack of trust in my nether regions with those words.

 However, this time I swear on it. I swear only to love Sylphy and Roxy. This time, definitely.

 "Honestly, I feel really sorry about intruding like this, so I'll be holding back until the child is born."

 "I see… We did say that it'd only be a month until it's born, but I'll be monopolizing Rudi until then. Is that okay?"

 "I'm fine with it. Well then, let's make it so that I won't officially become his wife until a month from now."

 "…"

 Despite this situation, I ended up thinking something like 'it's a shame I'll be celibate this month'; I'm probably a worthless person, huh. But when I think that after this month when Sylphy gives birth, I'll get to sleep with the two of them as much as I want… Just what is this? My 'son' starts to stand up.

 "…"

 "…"

 Or, so I was thinking, but the moment I give in to my delusions, the two of them turn their gazes to me.

 "Umm, Rudi. When you really can't bear with it anymore, say so, okay? I'll deal with it somehow."

 "No, I'll take care of it on my own, somehow."

 No matter how bad I may be, in this kind of situation I'm not going to cheat even more. I'll have them feel that the one known as Rudeus Greyrat won't make mistakes due to his sexual stirrings. The reason I went along with Roxy was because, in addition to the situation being what it was, it was Roxy. Regarding falling in love with them, as long as no more Roxy-Class women appear, there won't be a problem.

 I definitely won't cheat anymore.

 Definitely, definitely not.

 "Ah, but weren't you pregnant as well, Roxy? In that case, after a month you won't be able to do it anymore, right? What should we do?"

 At Sylphy's words, Roxy made an apologetic face.

 "Um, if it's about what Rudi said earlier, I think it was a lie Rudi came up with. There wasn't a chance for me to say anything, but I'm not pregnant."

 "…Eh-?"

 She's not pregnant. Then, saying that 'it' didn't come…

 "…Ahh."

 Elinalise led me along, huh?

 That b*tch.

 Sheet.

 It feels like I've been dancing in the palm of her hand.

 "What's wrong, Rudi?"

 "Ah, that wasn't a lie; I just misunderstood."

 "I see."

 Roxy scratches her red cheeks and speaks to me.

 "But in the future, let's try our best."

 "Ah, yes. Let's."

 Words like 'happy family planning' come to mind and I can't help but grin. Ahh, it'll be great from now on.

 "Rudi's a pervert, isn't he?"

 "Yeah. Rudi's a pervert, Sylphy."

 "I wonder what kind of things the perverted Rudi is going to make us do."

 While we had such a conversation, we laughed.

 Like that, I managed to gain my second wife.

 Part 3

 After that, Lilia and Zenith had finished their bath, and after Lilia prepared our rooms for us, they went to sleep.

 As we decided earlier, I sleep together with Sylphy. I let Sylphy use my arm as a pillow, and Sylphy decides to go to sleep facing me.

 We weren't asleep yet. Our gazes met, and we stare in silence.

 "It's about what we spoke about earlier, but…"

 The one who speaks first was Sylphy.

 "When you said that you had something important to say, and Roxy was sitting next to you, I ended up imagining something really sad."

 "What?"

 "I thought that you might say that you didn't love me, so you were going to leave me."

 "I wouldn't say something like that."

 What kind of trash would?

 "Mn. I know."

 Sylphy shifted about. I could feel her with the tip of my missing wrist. She was stroking me.

 "But I really am anxious after all. It feels like you're going to leave my side."

 I wonder if she's feeling a sense of foreboding. But thinking about it, I really was in danger this time. I might have even died.

 "Did I make you anxious?"

 "Mn."

 "There, there."

 I stroke Sylphy's head with my right arm. Sylphy narrows her eyes and lets me pat her. If you look more carefully, she's actually grown out her hair at some point. Her beautiful, white hair. She might be able to tie it up in a ponytail, soon.

 "You let your hair grow, huh."

 "After all, you said you liked long hair, right, Rudi?"

 "Mn."

 She's so cute… Even though she has been waiting for me, all this time, on the other hand, I…

 "Sorry, Sylphy. I've betrayed you."

 "It's okay. I like that part of you."

 "But were it the other way around, I'm sure I'd cry and scream disgracefully, shouting abuses at you like [You must feel great, betraying me, huh!] you know?"

 "Mmhuhu… I won't do something like that. I don't see anyone but you, after all."

 Saying that, Sylphy brings her face to mine and kisses me on the cheek. Love overflows from within my chest. Though she was probably anxious, though she probably wanted to cry out, she didn't voice a single complaint, and accepted it. I'll love her until I die.

 "Sylphy."

 "Ehehe."

 I return Sylphy's kiss on her soft and squishy cheek.

 "…"

 At this point, I'd usually charge into the actual thing, but today I'll stop here. There's no way I'd force the pregnant Sylphy to do anything unreasonable after all.

 Suddenly, I felt a stroking sensation at my abdomen.

 "Ahh, don't, Sylphy. If you touch me there, I won't be able to hold back. Well, I do have interest in pregnancy play, but…"

 "Ah, don't, Rudi. It'll harm our child, so…

 "Mn?"

 "Eh?"

 When I look down, I find that next to Sylphy's pregnant belly is an even bigger mountain. I try pulling back the blanket. When I did, there was…

 "Jirou…"

 From under the bed, the huge armadillo has stuck his head right between Sylphy and I. I wonder when he did so. I really didn't notice at all.

 "Sticking his head into people's crotches. What a perverted guy, huh?"

 "He's like you, huh?"

 "No, I… It can't be helped. Shall we sleep together, tonight?"

 "Mn. Let's."

 I get up and grab another blanket, and make a bed for Jirou. Jirou sprawls himself on top of it and slowly shuts his eyes. Though he looks like an armadillo, he feels like a large dog.

 It seems I'll have to prepare a small room for him before long, huh. Raising him in the house is fine, but taking care of his feces is troublesome, after all. Wait, I wonder if I can train him like a dog, as well. Well, I guess I'll have another talk with our family.

 "Alright. Guess it's time to sleep."

 I was about to slip in on Sylphy's right, but stopped. I get in bed on Sylphy's left and grasp her hand with mine. Sylphy strongly grasps, squeezing back.

 "Goodnight, Sylphy."

 "Mn. Have a good rest, Rudi."

 After that, I slept like a log.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
