Volume 13  15 — In Front of the Gravestone

Volume 13 Chapter 15 - In Front of the Gravestone

 

 Part 1

 Several days have passed since Roxy became my wife.

 I still feel uneasy that some kind of disaster may happen, but it's gradually faded recently.

 Zenith has taken up residence in one of the large rooms in this house as well.

 It was the room in which the old residents died, so I said to Lilia that it might be best not to do

 it.

 However, Zenith was quite pleased and didn't want to separate from it, so it can't be helped.

 Seeing that, Lilia also said there was probably nothing to worry about.

 Well, I'm sure having a large room is better than a small room for Zenith after all.

 I'm not all that familiar with recuperation and nursing, but spacious should be better than

 confined.

 Naturally, we've also brought Zenith to a doctor.

 Through Ariel's referral, to an excellent physician known throughout Ranoa Kingdom.

 However, it seems he has no knowledge about cases like this, the treatment method is unknown as well, so we had to give up.

 As I thought, it seems the medical techniques in this world doesn't depend very strongly on past

 records.

 Maybe it's because there's healing magic, but the treatment methods in this world are a bit

 deviated.

 Even so, we were able to receive some guidance to rehabilitate people who have lost their memories.

 We don't know if she'll get better or not, but it should be better than doing nothing.

 …If I have a chance, it might also be good to try searching for a magic tool for recovering lost

 memories.

 Of course, I don't know if such a thing even exists or not.

 Looking at it over the long term, we might have no choice other than to go for treatment.

 We don't know either what Zenith's home in the Holy Kingdom of Milis might say.

 In regards to Zenith, there's still some uneasiness remaining.

 Part 2

 Sylphy's progress is going well.

 Recently, the child in her stomach has started to kick, so she's pleasantly allowed me to touch her stomach.

 In addition, I tried groping her breasts that had swelled up from the influence of the pregnancy

 and she got pretty angry.

 It seems it hurts to touch them strongly.

 I hadn't intended to touch them all that strongly, but it seems she was surprised because I

 suddenly did it.

 If I'm going to touch them, then gently, she requested.

 It was a way of requesting that made me want to push her down just like that.

 Thinking about it, before, I've lost to this seduction of Sylphy's numerous times and pushed her down.

 However, she's pregnant right now.

 I can't afford to expose my desires.

 Even though I say that, I still want to touch things I want to touch.

 I thoroughly accepted her invitation to gently touch them.

 After all, it seems there's change to your body while pregnant.

 It wasn't a chest of Sylphy's that I used to grope.

 I'm the one that changed it. Thinking like that, I somehow felt a kind of unspeakable happiness.

 I wonder if this is the so-called feeling of domination.

 Yeah, Sylphy belongs to me.

 However, as I thought, not having my left hand is inconvenient.

 I miss those time when I could grope her breasts with both hands.

 Something that I had two of has been reduced to one after all, so the feeling of satisfaction has

 been halved.

 I wonder if it's a bit more until milk comes out.

 If I say I want to try tasting them a bit, I wonder if she'll get angry.

 I wonder if she'll scorn me.

 I wonder about asking just once to try it.

 It might be best not to do it though.

 However, just once…

 "Rudi, you really likes my breasts, don't you?"

 "Yeah, Sylphy's breasts are small, but number one in the world."

 "Number one in the world, you say… Even though you put your hands on another girl?"

 "S,S,So, Sorry please forgive me."

 "Eh~, I'm not angry."

 While having such a sweet conversation, my relationship with Sylphy is also going favorably.

 If this were Japan in my previous life, I'm sure it would have been considerably stiff.

 This is a different world and Sylphy is understanding.

 Whether I take two or three wives to marry as well, it's fine just as long as I love them equally.

 If you were to ask about my other wife Roxy, she's taken up one of the small rooms on the second

 floor.

 It's one of the smallest rooms on the second floor.

 I did say it would be fine to take a larger room, but it seems she likes small rooms.

 I don't hate small rooms either.

 Because scents build up.

 Roxy became a teacher at the Magic University.

 One time, I introduced her while to reporting my return, but I'll save this story for later.

 Part 3

 One month later.

 A day with strong snow.

 Sylphy went into labor.

 There were no particular problems, it was a normal delivery.

 It was neither a breech nor premature birth.

 If there was a problem, it would just be the snow being too high, so calling the doctor wouldn't

 make it in time.

 If it were my previous life, I'm sure that would be something to panic over, but fortunately, there

 is Lilia in my house.

 For her who has an abundance of experience as a midwife, even without me asking anything, she moved

 quickly with Aisha following her orders.

 While teaching Aisha the process, Lilia carefully said one thing at a time.

 Just in case, if anything comes up, Roxy and I are on standby at the side.

 There's a big difference between being able to use healing magic and not being able to use it in an

 emergency after all.

 Even though I say that, I was completely spacing out at the time.

 Something like healing magic was nowhere near entering my mind.

 I was doing my best just tightly holding Sylphy's hand as she was suffering.

 "Seeing Rudeus-sama right now, it reminds me of the lady…the time of Norn-sama's delivery."

 After hearing Lilia saying those words, I remembered the past.

 Norn's was a breech birth, both the mother and child were in a dangerous condition.

 Paul was useless and just got all nervous on his own.

 That time, I moved calmly, but right now, I'm in this state.

 That I was able to handle things well as a child is the same whether it be in this world or my

 previous one.

 "However, please rest easy, Rudeus-sama. Sylphy-sama is fine. There's nothing to worry about at

 all."

 While saying that Lilia, indifferently continued her work.

 That handling was enough to be charmed by.

 Even after being told it was fine, my trembling wouldn't settle.

 Holding onto Sylphy's hand, calling out "hihhiffu", and wiping the sweat from her forehead were all

 I could manage to do.

 Sylphy was making a painful face, but after looking at me in a fluster, she giggled a bit and

 smiled.

 "Umm…It would be better for Rudi to relax a bit more."

 Aisha suddenly whistled out those words.

 Lilia hit Aisha's head with a [peshiri].

 Seeing that, Sylphy lightly smiled.

 "Nn!!?"

 The instant the place loosened up, the wave came.

 "Sylphiette-sama. Okay, please take a deep breath."

 "Nn…!"

 I quietly watched over as Sylphy gave her best.

 The only things coming out from my mouth were just words of encouragement.

 I did have the feelings that I needed to do something, but I couldn't do anything.

 In rhythm with Lilia's voice heaving, Sylphy made a painful face.

 It was born.

 The baby who was safely born into this world raised an energetic first cry.

 It's a girl.

 With the same color of hair as mine; it's a cute girl.

 She was held in Lilia's arms and then passed over to Sylphy.

 Sylphy embraced the baby and breathed a sigh of relief.

 "Thank goodness…her hair, isn't green."

 Hearing those words that Sylphy whispered out, I caressed her head.

 Sylphy's beautiful white hair.

 It used to be emerald green hair.

 "…I guess so."

 Even if the child was born with emerald green hair I had no intention of blaming Sylphy.

 Obviously.

 For me, the emerald green of this world is one of my favorite colors after all.

 Green is Sylphy's and also Rujierd's color.

 Even Roxy's hair color, in some light, it reflects as if it shines emerald green.

 I like the color green.

 If they're going to discriminate against emerald green, even if the enemy is the world, I'll show

 you.

 "Good work, Sylphy."

 "Yeah."

 But, even if I have those sorts of intentions, this world isn't the same.

 Emerald green hair is just that much of a taboo.

 A daughter born with the same hair color as mine.

 We have no choice other than to thank God for this good fortune.

 My God is in the corner of the room tightly grasping her staff making a pale face though.

 "Here, Rudi hold her as well."

 "Yeah."

 Holding a baby.

 The high body temperature and crying voice that's noisy.

 Small hands, small head, small lips, small nose…

 It's all overflowing with life.

 When I think that this is my child, I can feel something rising up from within my chest.

 My child that Sylphy gave birth to.

 "…"

 Tears were coming out.

 Paul has already died.

 However, my child was born.

 Paul allowed me to keep living.

 If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be able to hold my child.

 In exchange for that, Paul isn't able to hold his wives, daughters, or even grandchildren.

 I wonder if Paul would regret not being able to be in this place.

 Or maybe he would laugh proudly and boast that it's thanks to him.

 In any case, I have no choice other than to go on living.

 For the sake of this child as well, I can't die.

 Sylphy as well, my family as well, I have no choice other than to protect them.

 I'll go on living in this world.

 I'll go on living.

 We took the first letters of Sylphy and my name to name our daughter Lucy.

 It's Lucy Greyrat.

 Aisha laughed that it was simple and Lilia hit her head.

 Nevertheless, I'm glad that it was a girl.

 If…it had been a boy, I might have ended up naming it Paul after all.

 Part 4

 After that, I was driven out of the room by Lilia.

 Since it seems there're various things to do, I was told to wait.

 For now, I move and sit down on the sofa.

 I didn't do much, but I'm suddenly exhausted.

 Roxy sat down next to me.

 She let out a sigh while making an exhausted face as well.

 Roxy did even less than me.

 No matter how you look at it, I'm sure it's mental fatigue.

 "It's my first time seeing the moment a person is born. It's amazing, isn't it?"

 "I… wonder how many times. I guess this would be about the third time. Though, when it's my own child, it's awfully tiring."

 I'm sure Sylphy is even more tired.

 It won't be good if I don't thank her with all my might later.

 "I wonder if I was born like that as well."

 "Well, I'm sure that's the case for everyone."

 Though I don't know about things in regards to the Migurudo race.

 As long as they're in the shape of a person, I'm sure there's no large differences.

 "…I will be able to give birth like that as well, won't I?"

 When I took a look at Roxy, she was looking up at me with a somewhat blushing face.

 I took my shoes off and sat in seiza on top of the sofa.

 "Yes. I feel that I will be in your care for that time."

 Sylphy's child has been born.

 In other words, that sort of lifestyle with Roxy will begin.

 Honestly, I'm looking forward to it.

 Even though my child with Sylphy was only just born. I sure am a no good person.

 Although, I don't hate that part of myself.

 I think Paul might have had those sort of feelings as well and I can't hate it.

 I'm looking forward to it from now on.

 Thinking that, I smile and Roxy's face turns bright red as she holds her own body.

 "Rudi, you're making an extremely perverted face."

 "I was born with this face."

 Right. It's been so since the time I was born.

 I've been like this since the time I was born.

 "…"

 Ah, that's right.

 Before I start that sort of lifestyle together with Roxy.

 There's someone whom I have to report that I've made a child to first.

 Part 5

 Next day.

 I proceeded alone towards Paul's grave.

 Paul's grave was towards the outskirts.

 It's a graveyard on an elevated hill for nobles.

 Paul might find it unpleasant being together with the likes of nobles.

 But the maintenance is better than general use graveyard. He'll have to endure it.

 I stand in the snow in front of the round Ranoa style gravestone.

 I don't know what Paul's religion was.

 I think he didn't believe in something like God as well.

 Even if we were to mistake something like his sect, he was the type of man who wouldn't be bothered by it after all, I'm sure he would forgive us.

 Although in reality, I'm sure it would have been better to make his grave in Asura Kingdom around the Buina Village area.

 This land has no relation or connection with Paul.

 But if I were to make it in a place too far away from my house, we wouldn't be able to visit the grave.

 I've told Gisu and the others about this place as well.

 Everyone already came to visit at one point.

 That time, each and every one gathered things that Paul likes.

 Like alcohol and daggers.

 Gisu and Talhand started a grand drinking bout in front of his grave, the grave keeper got angry.

 I held the alcohol bottle I bought on the way under my arm and cleaned Paul's grave.

 Removing the snow on top of the gravestone, polishing it with the cloth I brought along.

 It wasn't a difficult operation at all.

 The road on the way here was shut off because of the snow, but the snow around the grave itself was removed to some extent by the grave keeper.

 After cleaning and leaving the alcohol bottle in front of the grave, I pray with one hand.

 I thought about buying some flowers as an offering, but they weren't selling any.

 In this Northern region, trying to get your hands on some flowers in winter is difficult, I'm sure.

 Well, he wasn't a man who had a hobby of admiring flowers.

 "Paul…Tou-san. Yesterday, my child was born. It's a girl. Since it's Sylphy's child, I'm sure she'll become a beauty."

 I sat in front of the grave and reported it to Paul like this.

 "I wanted to show her to Tou-san as well."

 If Paul were to see Lucy, I'm sure he would have jumped around in high spirits until Zenith chided him.

 It's a celebration, saying something like that and drinking alcohol together with me, getting completely drunk, sexually harassing Lilia, and making Zenith shocked.

 Such a scene vividly floated in front of my eyes.

 Though it's only a story if Paul were safely able to keep on living and Zenith hadn't lost her memories.

 "Roxy-sensei has become my wife. I have two wives. The same as Tou-san. I would have liked it if you had taught me how to be ready for times like this."

 Thinking about it, that time.

 In that labyrinth.

 I wonder if it was that sort of thing that Paul wanted to talk to me about.

 Knowing that Roxy liked me.

 And that I liked Roxy as well.

 I wonder if he wanted to teach me how to be ready for having two wives.

 "Different from Tou-san, it's not like I suddenly have two daughters, but I think eventually Roxy will get pregnant and give birth to my child as well. That's still far in the future, but it would be nice if I can raise them to be as energetic as Norn and Aisha."

 I have no intention of saying bad things about Lilia's education, but I'd like to raise my children impartially to the end.

 Without any kind of weird distortions like being half Magic race and such.

 "It seems Sylphy thinks that there will be even more wives from here on out in the future though. I don't have such intention, but they do say things that happen twice happen three times. That might end up becoming the case…"

 I wonder if Paul ever considered marrying Ghyslaine or Elinalize or Vera.

 It seems like he had a relationship of the flesh with Ghyslaine after all, I think he would consider it at least once.

 Well, Paul thought about things in that area even looser than me, it might be that he never even gave it any thought.

 "It might also be better for me not to overthink about things too much."

 After facing the gravestone and asking that, I felt like I could see Paul's teasing smile.

 It was just the smile and I couldn't hear Paul's words.

 But I'm sure it's not like Paul didn't think about it either.

 I feel that he was always agonizing over it.

 Something like fellows that are able to live without thinking in this world, there shouldn't be many of them.

 "…Tou-san. I'm a no good son. I have something like memories of my previous life. I couldn't properly love Tou-san."

 I stood up while saying that.

 Holding the alcohol bottle in my hand, I took the first sip.

 After savoring the burn in my throat from the strong drink, I poured it over the grave.

 "But now, I intend to be a proper son."

 Drowning yourself in alcohol and making mistakes like Paul, alcohol might not be all that good of a thing.

 But I'm sure it's fine today.

 At any rate, it's celebrations for the birth after all.

 "My own child has been born, becoming a parent. Finally, I understood it. That I was still nothing but a child. That I was just a brat pretending to be an adult with memories of my previous life."

 Drinking, pouring, drinking, pouring.

 The alcohol bottle quickly went empty.

 "Though I feel that I need to quickly become an adult, I'm sure I won't be able to become one until I make a lot more mistakes. But it was the same for Tou-san, so I'll give my best as well."

 I closed the alcohol bottle with the lid and placed it in front of the grave.

 "Then, I'll come again. I'll be bringing along everyone next time."

 Saying that, I faced away from Paul's grave.

 A variety of things have come to a close.

 Painful things have happened and happy things have happened as well.

 But it's not the end.

 I'll still go on living in this world.

 I'll go on living.

 In order to not regret it no matter when I die.

 Seriously.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
