Volume 14  2 — Third Year Student

Volume 14 Chapter 2 - Third Year Student

 

 Part 1

 First day as a third year student,

 When I wake up and come down to the living room, Sylphy is there.

 She's giving Lucy breast milk.

 "Go, good morning, Rudi."

 "Good morning, Sylphy."

 It has been months since the child has been born, the progress after birth is all right.

 Mother and child are healthy.

 Lately, Sylphy is becoming more ladylike, I think.

 Is it because her hair is growing or because of giving birth to a child?

 Or is it because the experience of twenty years is piling up?

 She's in the process of becoming a beautiful woman, just like a Hollywood actress.

 Her figure without doing anything, just silently sitting, is surely a prize beyond other's reach, to the degree of making others hesitate to call her.

 Practically, I'm relieved that, she's still my Sylphy when I call or flatter her.

 "Lucy is also energetic today."

 I look at Lucy.

 Lucy is wholeheartedly clinging to Sylphy's breasts.

 Just like me last night.

 In this side, parent and child are the same, uh huh.

 Lucy is a healthy but docile child.

 Different from brother or sister, my own child seems to be special.

 Every time something happened, illness or something uncertain, I had overwhelming anxiety enveloping me.

 But the child seems to be healthy.

 Looking at Lucy's state, Lilia says something that surprised me,

 "I recall times when Rudeus-sama is small."

 Reincarnated person,

 Those words are running in my mind.

 I was a no-good person in my previous world.

 Because of that, I'm a little uneasy.

 I suspect whether this child is the reincarnation of some kind of bad man.

 Because of uneasiness, I've asked my daughter in Japanese and English whether some crime transpired in her past life.

 Instantly, after my daughter was born facing her,

 I said something like, [You should realize, right? This is a different world.]

 [You are my sunshine! I am a pen!], figure of parent who is whispering.

 It's humorous, right?

 Aisha who is looking at my figure from the shadows was giggling and laughing.

 I have no proof, but I think Lucy is not a reincarnated person.

 While laughing at hearing my words, she replies nothing but some words like "Aba~" and "Abu~",

 It's possible that she is hiding it, but not many adults can mimic a baby.

 Even if that's the case, someone who desperately mimics a baby is not cute.

 But, Lucy is cute.

 To the extent I’m not bored being close to the crib.

 I don't care anymore about reincarnated or not.

 Even if Lucy's soul is reincarnated, I will just raise her very carefully.

 Just like how Paul raised me.

 "Today also, my child is cute."

 "You're right. I wonder why she's becoming so cute."

 "It's because her mom is cute, right?"

 From behind Sylphy, I turn my hand around Sylphy's head and hug her.

 I pretend I’m kissing around the back of her head, to feign burying my face into her hair.

 The gentle scent is the scent of milk.

 It's a natural perfume.

 "Ehehe, thanks, Rudi,"

 Sylphy while rubbing my hand, laughs while embarrassed.

 Then, I see Roxy standing behind me.

 "Mm, Roxy. How about yesterday's Rudi?"

 Roxy is shivering.

 "Eh, ah… That, I received it well."

 "Though Rudi became rough when such a thing happened, were you not scared?"

 "No, it's not scary. It's the second time, and Rudi was gentle too… Then, I'm sorry."

 "There's nothing to apologize for."

 "Is that so…"

 "That is so."

 Both of them are still awkward, but not strained.

 A good balance is being preserved.

 I can see the intention of them becoming friendly.

 Something like the relation of three people, must be started and consist of three people's effort.

 Particularly, I caused Sylphy trouble.

 "Fo~od~, fo~od~, it's~ break~fast~?"

 There's Aisha, who arrives to the living room while singing a song.

 The song sucks.

 She is probably improvising.

 The genius Aisha seems to have no talent for singing.

 "Good morning, madams of Onii-chan! Today's breakfast is same as usual, it’s generally the same!"

 I see green soup and white bread.

 Then, Aisha had prepared warmed horse milk.

 In this area, so milk can properly come out, mothers who give birth to a child are given horse milk.

 "Aisha, without being reluctant, explain the content of breakfast."

 The one who entered from behind Aisha is Lilia.

 She seemed to be in the kitchen again too.

 "Wide bean, sweet potato soup, and wheat bread. And then horse milk full of nutrition."

 In response to the words, Aisha explains the breakfast proudly.

 Of course, I knew what it was- even if I did not hear her- because it’s what I eat every breakfast.

 However, such a thing will be important as a tradition, too.

 "Good. Then, wait a minute."

 Lilia nods contentedly and enters the second floor.

 "Sorry to keep you waiting."

 She comes down immediately with Zenith.

 When Zenith is in the living room, she stops and stares at me.

 Then, she sits in her seat silently.

 "Good morning, mother…"

 Several months passed, Zenith's memory has not returned.

 But she changes little by little.

 Particularly, it is remarkable seeing her show different actions when she's with Norn.

 It's like dealing with a two or three year old child, such a feeling.

 After all, to her daughter, there are things to think about.

 I wonder: will her memories return little by little?

 Probably, it's better to see the situation a bit longer.

 "Then, let’s eat."

 We eat breakfast together.

 On my right is Sylphy; on my left is Roxy.

 On the side across the table, lined up are Aisha, Lilia, and Zenith.

 If Norn were here, she would sit down next to Zenith.

 Although I do not remember particularly deciding her seat, it became such custom.

 "From today, I'm at school too, and so I entrust Lucy to you."

 "Yes, Mrs. Sylphiette. Leave it to me."

 Both Sylphy and I return to school today.

 I'm in my third year and Sylphy is in her sixth year.

 While I went to school, I left the child care to Lilia and Aisha.

 However, Lucy is still an infant.

 She cannot live without the breast of mom.

 In that sense, I'm an infant too, but I put that thought aside for now.

 Anyway, I employed a nurse.

 She's a neighboring woman called Suzanne: a mother of two and a former adventurer as well.

 She's my acquaintance, but about this person, let’s put her aside for now.

 "Thank you for the delicious meal."

 Now it's time for school.

 Part 2

 "Osu!"

 "Good morning!"

 "Thank you for the work!"

 "Good day, boss!"

 Some unknown people greet me when I enter the school site.

 There are only trashy guys.

 Did something like a bit dignified presence come out from me?

 Well, this is also because I became a father.

 I'm not very aware of this.

 "What's upppp!!!!"

 Just when I think about that, the most trashy person greets me.

 "Boss, good morning nya."

 "Morning to Fitts and Mrs. Roxy, too nano."

 It's Rinia and Pursena.

 Even when these people became seniors, they didn't change much.

 Rinia is insolent. Pursena is biting on some meat like ham.

 "From morning, boss is accompanied by two ladies going to school, such a good position nya."

 "Discarding us and bringing two people, fakku nano."

 "Because we graduate this year, we must find someone nya."

 "That is right. Duel this year, find partner, and then return to hometown nano."

 I feel proud.

 Apparently, I, who is blessed with flowers in both hands, am enviable.

 Not Sylphy or Roxy, but me, the man:

 Boss of the School,

 It's the symptoms of a new leader sickness.

 "Do your best, both of you."

 Even Sylphy is laughing.

 She also comes to say.

 That is the smile of someone who has a man.

 Sylphy and the both of them are distant, but have a degree of frankness.

 "I'm sorry, I seemed to cut in."

 However, Roxy seems to receive the words at face value.

 Facing the two of them, she lowers her head.

 "Nya!?"

 "Wha!?"

 Then Rinia and Pursena panic.

 "Ah, it's not like that nya. I didn't mean it like that nya."

 "Tha, that's right, it means our charm was, fakku nano, I didn't intend to speak ill to Mrs. Roxy."

 Both of them apologize.

 Since Roxy is an existence that should be respected so it is necessary -no, it's a bit unpleasant.

 If it's these guys alone when seeing Roxy, they will say something like [We are better than this shorty nya!] or [Fuck Magic tribe nano!]

 I will not forgive those kind of words.

 "Fitts must have it hard, but do your best nya!"

 "Though outclassed, if it's Fitts, you can do it nano!”

 After apologizing for a while, both of them clap Sylphy's shoulder.

 "Eh?"

 "It's better to teach the second person soon nya."

 "Establish your position at the top nano."

 "About what?"

 Sylphy gives it some thoughts.

 Then she notices with, "Ah," then looks embarrassed.

 "Um, does Rudi love me properly?”

 Rinia and Pursena, do imitation "Gusu" sounds with their noses.

 "She is brave nya."

 "It's touching. Because Fitts is not standing out, she's the unfortunate type, so if the harem increases by three or four more girls, she'll gradually be ignored nano."

 They're saying whatever they like.

 I don't intend to marry three or four more wives. Even if it happened, I don't intend to ignore Sylphy.

 I do not intend to neglect Sylphy, who has helped me with her body.

 In Roxy's case, it might give her a bad experience.

 "Eh, that wouldn't happen… Right? Rudi?"

 Behind the sunglasses, her expression cannot be seen.

 But, the voice seems to be uneasy.

 Inside her heart, Sylphy may also be uneasy.

 I must reassure her.

 "Of course,"

 I hug Sylphy.

 I whisper out [Love] while patting her back.

 It would be better if I say it clearly in front of people.

 "I love Sylphy!"

 After I declare it, applause arises in large quantities from all around.

 Sylphy becomes bright red in my arm.

 "No, wai-, Rudi. Stop saying such a thing at school."

 "Although, you're the one who asked-"

 "Th-then say the same thing to Roxy too."

 When I see her, Roxy is looking up at me.

 "No… Don't mind me."

 A look full of expectations,

 I hug Roxy with my left arm without hesitation.

 Roxy at my left arm, Sylphy at my right arm,

 Ah, great- flowers in both hands.

 "I love both of them!"

 After I say that, some students boo.

 They are probably Milis Church believers after all.

 It's fine. I have a different religion after all.

 I will not interfere too.

 However, having attracted public attention, Sylphy's face is bright red.

 "La, later. I will go ahead to Ariel's place.”

 "Yeah, see you again at lunch break, Sylphy."

 "At school, it's Fitts!"

 Come to think of it, was it such a rule?

 Because I didn't go to school for nearly one year, I forgot it.

 I think, isn't it fine because her male appearance is already gone?

 Even if anyone looks, he or she will only see a beautiful woman in men's clothes.

 No, even in men’s clothes, she's still lovely.

 "I will also go to the staff room."

 After ascertaining that Sylphy runs off, Roxy also separates from me.

 "Yes, see you, Roxy."

 "Ah, at school, make sure to properly call me teacher."

 Is it about not mixing public and private affairs?

 I understand.

 But it is so; Roxy is also a female teacher from today.

 Female teacher,

 It has a nice ring to it. I recall the deed from last night.

 I wonder if I can rent out the gym storeroom to do it for hours…

 Incidentally then I notice something.

 "Well… Roxy-sensei,"

 "What is it, Rudeus-kun?"

 Roxy looks up at me with a neat face.

 "Because today is the first day, the teachers may be doing a morning gathering."

 "Ah!"

 Roxy cries out after doing a blunder.

 Her face is deep blue.

 "So, sorry. I should hurry!"

 Roxy runs in a fluster to the staff room.

 She seems to misunderstand the schedule a bit.

 It's natural, I think.

 It should not be possible for a student and teacher’s schedules to synchronize.

 "Then, we should go too."

 "Nya."

 "I'll accompany nano."

 I aim for the classroom, with a cat and a dog as my attendants.

 Today is homeroom day.

 Although the wives are gone, there are new flowers in both my hands.

 Am I popular?

 But I will not lay my hands on Rinia and Pursena.

 Fufu, it's tough being a man.

 "By the way, I heard a rumor nya."

 Suddenly Rinia points her ears at me.

 Her eyes are overflowing with curiosity.

 "Rumor?"

 "Yes nya. A rumor that boss fought a powerful enemy to the extent of losing his left hand nya."

 "Is that so…”

 That reminds me; I only told them about the return report and Roxy becoming a teacher.

 The only one who heard the detailed report is Zanoba.

 Did that guy leak it to someone?

 No, maybe Cliff heard it from Elinalise.

 "As expected from boss nya- Going to Magic Continent, battling against the Seven Major Powers, and then reaching for victory at the sacrifice of just his left hand!"

 "Huh?!"

 What is this?

 Seven Major Powers?

 Where did such scary words come from?

 "Moreover, the opponent is running away while confused. As expected nano."

 "Wa-wa-wa, wait a minute."

 What is this?

 What kind of rumor has this level of exaggeration?

 Please stop with these kinds of things.

 Moreover, about this rumor, how should I respond about one-sidedly winning against the Seven Major Powers, alone?

 What should I do if the real Seven Major Powers overhear?

 If Orsted overhears…

 "So, that's what we think about boss's story now nya, now is the time to spread it at great scale- gyaaa!"

 I grab Rinia's tail and pull it with all of my strength.

 After that comes scratches from extending nails, which I avoid with my demon eye,

 Then Rinia holds her tail with tears and glares.

 "What are you doing with a maiden's tail nya!"

 I glare back.

 "Don't spread rumors with such exaggerated story."

 "Eh!? Ah, so, sorry nya,"

 These people have previous criminal records with these rumors.

 First crime was spreading that I had ED.

 Well, that's OK.

 The source is a certain truth.

 But, this time it's different.

 This is harmful.

 At worst, death,

 It's a dangerous rumor.

 "We heard it from Zanoba nano."

 Pursena suddenly adds,

 "Boss was battling against a Hydra resistant to magic nano. [If I followed Shisho, then his great left hand should not be lost.]"

 "That is right nya. But, we just couldn't think it was great enough nya. Because of that, we want to spread boss's greatness more…"

 "That is not your concern."

 Certainly, I became a little stronger.

 However, at the end, when the time matters, thoughtlessly I failed; I'm a useless man.

 I don't desire to receive an evaluation that high.

 "But even if we do nothing, when someone sees boss's left hand, many kinds of rumor will spread nano."

 "That's right nya, even if we say different things, nothing will happen."

 "…"

 Seems that I am the number one celebrity at this school, it cannot be helped if there's such rumors.

 But please stop with the Seven Major Powers rumor.

 That time when Orsted nearly killed me, I remember it every day.

 "What kind of other rumors are there?"

 "Yes nya, there are a few more nya."

 Let’s hear them all.

 "Battling against the Supard Tribe,"

 Checked.

 "Stopping flocks of one million monsters, alone."

 Checked.

 "Succeeded in ancient magic but hand was lost in reaction."

 It seems like many unfounded rumors are flowing.

 I think the absurd rumors will disappear soon.

 "Hmm…"

 Think about it, about the Seven Major Powers, I ought to be familiar with that rumor.

 The number one celebrity- winning or losing- will be a source of rumors.

 I should not worry about rumors spreading a bit at school.

 "So- sorry about the tail."

 "Human race doesn't know about this pain nya. Pulling a maiden's tail is unforgivable nya."

 "Next time, I'll treat you to fish."

 "Yeah, lucky day! Sometimes making a mistake is fine nya."

 "I would like red meat nano."

 I move to the classroom while talking with Rinia and Pursena.

 Part 3

 Homeroom was just like usual.

 Five people sit sparingly with me in the center:

 Zanoba, who was tampering with a doll,

 Julie, who was imitating him,

 Rinia, who was hand filing her nails,

 Pursena, who was eating meat,

 And Cliff, who was opening a book and in the middle of studying.

 Standing behind him is Ginger; don't mind her.

 I have gotten very used to this scene.

 I never thought that in one year, two of them would stop being here.

 Rinia and Pursena will graduate this year.

 Well, there's still one year.

 One year will be gone in an instant.

 "Which reminds me, Rudeus."

 Suddenly Cliff raises his face from the book,

 "Would you come to my place for greetings?"

 He looks dissatisfied.

 That reminds me that I did not meet Cliff for several months after I came home.

 Today is the first time.

 "Sorry Cliff-senpai. When I visited, it looked like you were busy with Elinalise. So I restrained myself. "

 "Well, I was surely together for a while with Lize. Yes, it's unavoidable like that. It's also my fault."

 Cliff says so and withdraws.

 However, Ariel is like that too; people around here would not mind much if it's just a short greeting.

 In case of adventurers, it is even shorter.

 "However, you should have let me know when your child was born. Although I'm still in training, even so, I'll pray for you."

 "Is that so…"

 "Yeah, sorry. Since you're not a Milis believer, so prayer is not needed? But recently it's like you're avoiding me. Even if you're busy with child parenting, isn't it fine if you visit me in the laboratory sometimes? You have the time for that, right?"

 Now that it's said, I might be avoiding him.

 There is a reason for not wanting to meet Cliff.

 Needless to say, it's about Roxy.

 I have two wives and Cliff is a Milis believer.

 He won't be happy.

 "Or, was there a reason that you did not want to see me? I want to hear it from you, if there is such a reason."

 Today, Cliff is very stubborn.

 Probably, he heard the details from Elinalise.

 But, it's also about Elinalise.

 [It's something that cannot be forgiven by religion, but if it's forgiven, then the vessel named Cliff looks great to me.]

 I might say such a thing.

 Needless to say, it's not necessary to have Cliff's permission to marry Roxy.

 However, it's unamusing if that becomes discord with Cliff.

 For now, let’s try dancing on Elinalise's palm.

 I will say it; Cliff will forgive me.

 If he forgives me, then I'll praise his generosity.

 Cliff will feel good.

 Nobody loses.

 All right, I'm a dancer.

 Dancing and singing and say it:

 "As a matter of fact…"

 "Excuse me."

 And the classroom's door open interrupting my voice.

 The ones who enter are two people.

 The teacher, who is always in charge of the homeroom session,

 What is his name again?

 Oh well.

 A pretty girl enters after him,

 With a robed figure, sleepy eyes, blunt expression and a little nervous,

 It is a child that seemed to do her best, any time.

 It is a child whom I want to hug unintentionally.

 I mean, it's Roxy.

 "Everyone, I introduce the one who will be the class teacher who is in charge of special students."

 "I'm Roxy M. Greyrat."

 After she steps forward, she lowers her head.

 Zanoba and the others watch her with dumbfounded eyes.

 The class teacher continues his words without regard to us.

 “Though her tribe’s figure looks youthful, even so, her age is around fifty. Because she has a connection with people in this class, she will be taking over this classroom. For a while, she'll be an assistant homeroom teacher, but from next year on, she'll formally be the homeroom teacher, so everyone, too, in that regard-"

 "Nya! What will happen to Samson-sensei?!"

 The class teacher nods [Yes] when Rinia asks that.

 It seems like the class teacher's name is Samson-sensei.

 It's macho but not gay.

 He's a person whose characteristic is having no characteristics.

 "I will return to my hometown next year, because I have no relatives in this class anymore."

 "That reminds me, where did Ren-senpai go?"

 "My little sister entered the magic knight group at Neris Dukedom. She seems to be fine. However, I don't know what kind of mess she'll make if I leave her alone."

 "Is that so nya?"

 I came to know about this later.

 Originally, the one who was in charge of homeroom at the special student’s class was a person who had a special relationship with the special students.

 It may be because many special students are quirky.

 It is desirable that the classroom teacher is a person that can be the reins or shackle.

 The current classroom teacher, Samson-sensei seems to be a relative to the person who was replaced by Cliff when she graduated.

 That alumna had a prominent magic sense and is part of the royal family of one of the countries of the Magic Triumvirate, the Neris Dukedom.

 Rinia and Pursena were greatly indebted to her.

 Anyway, Roxy who has relation with me and Zanoba seems to be the ideal candidate.

 Roxy steps forward, looks around, and says,

 "I think I have been introduced to many of you already, though. My name is Roxy M. Greyrat. The second wife of Rudeus Greyrat who is sitting over there. Although the contact is different between student and teacher, I thank you in advance."

 "…"

 Cliff is offended.

 He surely wanted to hear the words [second wife] from my mouth.

 Then he would have accepted Roxy.

 However, the plan has been destroyed.

 "Well… Cliff-senpai,"

 "Hoo, a second wife. Do you not have what's called integrity?"

 A sermon begins after I talked,

 "Yes. I think I have insufficient integrity."

 "That day, I gave my blessing because you said to love only Sylphy, though?"

 "Yes, I'm very thankful for that time."

 "Of course, I will say nothing else because I know you're not a Milis believer. No, I should congratulate you instead. Congratulations."

 "Thank you."

 Cliff makes a 'sniff' sound with his nose.

 "I sometimes meet your little sister at the town's church. She said that she would find a spouse and become intimate like brother and Sylphy-neesan in the future. What did she say to you, who brought the second wife home?"

 "She was angry."

 "Of course, she prayed for you and her father's safe return almost every day. She was very glad that you lived and came home truly."

 "But in the end, she forgave me."

 "Of course, she forgives you in the end. She would be thrown out if she objects till the end."

 "I will never throw her out, though…”

 "Of course you wouldn't do so. However, you wouldn't know that if you stood in the shoes of a weak girl, right? She, who lost her father, has only you as someone to depend on. I wonder if you guys should have considered Norn's feelings a bit more."

 "Yes."

 "It's not a good thing to marry too many partners, since women are not a collection."

 My ears hurt.

 Still, he is just like a Catholic priest.

 Today's Cliff gives off an intimidating feeling.

 "Yes… Well, Cliff-senpai."

 "What is it, Rudeus?"

 I'll give thanks because I got some information that I never heard before.

 "For playing with Norn, thank you."

 "I only accompanied her because I saw her at church… Oh, and don't let such a small child go alone. Though this neighborhood is safe, there are kidnappings if you enter back alleys."

 "Yes, I will remember that."

 "All right. I will forgive your sins, if you reflect, since Lord Milis is a generous Lord."

 "Yes, thank you."

 I was forgiven.

 After all, was this a kind of confession?

 However, my follow up with Norn was surely insufficient.

 From now on, I will be twice as kind.

 "Well then the talk is over, the matter of communicating--"

 By the time Cliff's sermon was over, Samson-sensei resumes the homeroom.

 Standing next to him, Roxy is showing an expression like she wants to run away.

 She laughs a little and scolds me when I throw a kiss to her.

 Part 4

 The flow after isn't very different from how it used to be.

 I look at Zanoba and Cliff's condition, help Nanahoshi, research the absorption magic stones on my vacant times, and write a book.

 As usual, there are many things to do.

 I feel nostalgia for the old days, when I only did one or two things a day.

 There are some changes in the after school when the lesson finishes.

 Before it was time to give lessons to Norn, and now it's to teach her swordplay.

 I am anxious that if I teach her swordplay, her grades will decline.

 Because she declared that she will do her best, let’s watch the situation for now.

 She should do it rapidly while there is motivation.

 About those things, I will leave them for now.

 When the class was over, I go to meet Sylphy and Roxy then go home with the three of us.

 When Sylphy has night duty, it's only Roxy.

 When Roxy has prolonged staff meetings, I'm alone.

 There's also times when I go home with Norn.

 Today, I'm pairing with Sylphy.

 I'm holding hands and talking about many things with Sylphy while walking home.

 Mainly, it's about school.

 At new school terms, it's said that the Student Council looks for new members.

 "Rudi should enter too."

 "I have no time for that."

 After saying that, I return home while flirting moderately.

 "I'm home."

 When I return home, Aisha hugs me.

 "Welcome back Onii-chan, would you like dinner? A bath? Or… me?"

 Where did she learn those words?

 No, I taught her.

 But, I didn't teach it to Aisha.

 I taught it to Sylphy.

 First, I say [Me] then tickle her on her underarms, she cackles while running away and Lilia targets her head.

 Afterwards is a bath.

 Though Aisha put bath in her choices, the bath was not prepared.

 She is also still cooking the meal.

 Ultimately, there was no choice besides [Me.]

 Well, that's fine.

 Fortunately, Aisha cleaned the bath at noon.

 I only fill the water, so I finish preparing promptly.

 I often prefer taking a bath with someone.

 Somewhere along the line "enter the bath in pairs whenever possible" became an unspoken house rule.

 What kind of country would have this kind of rule?

 Well, it's fine.

 Today, I take a bath with Aisha.

 Though Aisha is already eleven years old, she is frank, and does not have enough shyness.

 If I talk about this to a young man in the middle of puberty, it will be misunderstood instantly.

 "Aisha, please cover your front with cloth."

 "Why?"

 "It is modest."

 "Yes."

 For modesty and shyness examples, I think Aisha should follow Norn.

 Younger sisters are truly something good.

 Aisha crams herself between my legs as I wash her body.

 The way she asks me to wash her hair or her back is really cute.

 If I could be aroused by her, I would probably suggest making her my third wife, creating a hell-like situation.

 I would have exceeded my patience limit if Sylphy or Roxy did the same thing.

 Although, in their cases, it can be said that it's not necessary to endure.

 Anyways, it's a heartwarming contact time with my younger sister.

 While washing her body, I hear the events of the day from her:

 That Lucy was cute.

 That she was concerned about Zenith.

 That Lilia slept at the window.

 That she planted a new plant at the garden grounds.

 They were trifling stories.

 Oh yes, I gave the Begaritto rice seeds to Aisha and asked if she was able to cultivate them.

 She replied reliably, [I'll try to plant it after it becomes a little warmer.]

 If it's left to the genius Aisha, she'll let me eat rice eventually.

 I'll look forward to it.

 "I'm back."

 After I get out of the bath, Roxy comes home and is having dinner at her own discretion.

 Today's dinner is stew of river fish, bread, beans, and potatoes.

 In short: as usual.

 "Thank you for the dinner."

 After the meal, Sylphy gives milk to Lucy.

 Lucy is a child that is docile but eats well.

 Will she gain weight in the future?

 I don't want Sylphy's daughter to be stretched to the side.

 When she grows up, I'll make her exercise. Yes.

 After dinner finishes, I spend time while being in a relaxed mood.

 I teach Aisha magic; Roxy is preparing for tomorrow's class in her room.

 Sylphy is cuddling with Lucy, but sometimes trains her magic as well.

 I may mind when Jiro, the armadillo, comes to visit.

 By the way, the one who takes care of Jiro is Aisha.

 Aisha trained Jiro well and it is becoming a faithful servant-like watchdog.

 "Well then, please excuse me. Good night."

 "Good night."

 Zenith and Lilia go to sleep early.

 Aisha too is early, she sleeps after finishing studying.

 "Well then… Sylphy."

 After everyone fell asleep,

 I invite the wife to the bedroom.

 "Yes…”

 Sylphy picks up the hem of my clothes, blushing.

 When she does such a movement, I'm already at my limit.

 I lift her with a princess-carry and carry her to the bedroom.

 And it's time for a dazzling nighttime.

 After being satisfied in heart and body, I sleep fast hugging the body of my small-sized wife.

 Part 5

 Before I fully sleep:

 I wait until my wife has fallen asleep; I walk out from the bed.

 The destination is the basement.

 Tiptoeing down the stairs,

 After glancing back at the stairs, I open the secret basement door.

 There’s the altar that is concealing something.

 It's enshrining objects of divinity.

 That cloth and that cloth,

 They're tools to worship God.

 I also pray calmly today.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 2

 "The Bancho's eyes glow."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
