Volume 14  3 — Training with Norn

Volume 14 Chapter 3 - 'Training with Norn'

 

 One month has passed. Though it's still cold, the snow is starting to melt, and the ground is beginning to reveal itself.

 Part 1

 Morning.

 I get out of bed slowly so as not to wake up Sylphy who is sleeping beside me. Because Sylphy likes to use my arm as a pillow, I need to take care when freeing my arm.

 In the neighboring room I change into my training wear. I'm wearing something like a jersey that Sylphy picked out. Though it's a little cold to wear in the winter, once I start moving it's perfect.

 Once I'm done changing, I pick up the stone sword that was left in the corner of the room. This misshapen stone sword is something I created with magic. It doesn't have a blade, but it's heavy, so it's perfect for my powerful prosthetic hand.

 Since it's a practice sword, should I give it a fish name? Tuna or Marlin or something? Come to think of it, I haven't had sashimi since coming to this world, huh. I wonder if they don't have a culture of eating raw fish.

 Now that I'm done preparing, I say goodbye to Sylphy. I stroke her head once.

 "Mhuhu…"

 When I do, Sylphy nuzzles her head against my hand with a satisfied smile. She's probably half-asleep. How cute.

 I happen to notice that the blanket is overturned. Since her pantied butt is visible, I stroke there once as well. Despite having given birth, it's a small butt. Elinalise's figure is good as well; the Elven race sure is an amazing one.

 Whilst thinking about such things, I grab the blanket and put it back in place. Though our 'nightlife' has begun again recently, since it'd be tough if Sylphy suddenly had to bear a second child, we keep things in moderation. Even so, if she gets pregnant then she gets pregnant, and there isn't much we can do. This is also a natural part of life.

 "Nn uu…you later…"

 I hear her voice when I am leaving the room.

 Yeah, see you later.

 ――――――

 Where I'm headed to is Norn's room. Lately, we've been training together in the morning. When Norn is staying at our house, we train in the garden, and when Norn is staying at the dorms, I go meet her at the school courtyard. Today is one of the days she is staying with us.

 "Norn, are you ready?"

 I knock the door and open it.

 "Ah, Nii-sa――"

 "Oops, excuse me."

 Since she's in the middle of changing, I close the door.

 Norn's body is still young. Though I'm fine with both young and matured bodies, I'm not aroused by my sisters. Though it's a little bit of a shame, I'm relieved. To love someone without lust really is a special feeling.

 However, when I consider that this sister of mine will one day become someone's woman, feelings of gloominess start to sprout. Is this what they call the heart of a father?

 It's not bad. I'll do this in place of Paul. In place of Paul, I'll take on the duty of saying 『I won't hand Norn over to a no-name, shady bastard like you.』

 "Geez, after knocking please wait for my answer."

 Whilst I was thinking about such things, Norn comes out with sword in hand, wearing gym clothing. She's wearing a long sleeved top and long pants that aren't erotic at all. It's the gym uniform designated by the Magic University. I bought it at the university and gave it to her as a gift.

 When I happen to peer into her room, I notice that Paul's sword is hung up high on the wall. Though in my previous life I would've left a framed photograph of him in the butsudan, there are no photos in this world. If you search earnestly you might find a magic tool that takes pictures, but normally it isn't possible. That's why the articles of the deceased are used in place of a butsudan.

 "Norn, do you mind if I enter your room for a little?"

 "Eh? It's fine I guess?"

 I enter with permission. When I do, I find that Norn's scent fills the room. It's a scent particular to bedrooms in the morning. Nearby is a bed with ruffled sheets. If I dived into it and sniffed it, I'd probably get nothing but Norn. I won't do so though.

 I stand in front of Paul's sword and bring my hands together.

 "Tou-san. Today I'm going to practice the sword with Norn. Please watch over us so that nothing serious happens to us."

 With that, I bow. What would Paul say? That getting wounded has value? Or, would he tell me not to injure Norn?

 I happen to look at her and find that she's on her knees with her hands clasped together, in the style of the Milis faith.

 "Shall we go, then?"

 "Yes, please take care of me today as well."

 ――――――

 Stretching exercises. Running. Practice swings. Even if I say 'sword practice', right now we're doing nothing but building up her fundamentals. These past few months, Norn has been strictly building up her foundation.

 Though I say 'strictly', the training menu that I use would crush Norn. That's why we're starting with a fifth of the harshness of mine. Since Norn is still 10, it wouldn't be physically possible anyway. If I suddenly force too much on her, all that'll achieve is ruining her body. While I have Norn do practice swings in the garden, I'm finishing off my own weight training.

 "Twenty-five…! Twenty-six…!"

 It's a monotonous type of training, and because of that it's simple and easy to get tired of, but Norn still hasn't complained to this day. It's something that makes me happy.

 "――Fifty!"

 "Alright, well done."

 "Haa… haa… Thank you for instructing me!"

 After the training is done, I get in the bath with Norn and we clean up. Because Norn fell over a lot during the running practice, places like her knees are wounded and bruised. I apply healing magic to those places. It's 'pain, pain, go away' magic for my little sister.

 It seems that for some reason Norn doesn't want me to see her naked, so she wears panties and a thin shirt. It's probably puberty. Aisha gets naked at the drop of a hat so I want to have her follow Norn's example.

 I take this into account as well and put on pants before washing myself. Still, if I told her that there are guys who get aroused from seeing shirts become transparent from water, what kind of face would she make, I wonder? Though I kind of want to see, I won't say it. It'd be lonely if she stopped bathing with me. It'd be tough if she thought of her Onii-chan as a pervert.

 "Today was nothing but practice swings again, huh?"

 While I'm thinking about such things, Norn brings her mouth into a pout.

 "When will I be allowed to learn swordsmanship?"

 "Aren't you already learning it?"

 "Not just practice swings, but forms and techniques too."

 I've been teaching Norn how to run properly and how to do practice swings. Running and practice swings. They're ways to build up her body and her muscles. Without a strong body and strong muscles there's no point in learning the forms and techniques. That was why I did so.

 "…You're right."

 I wonder if her body's gotten strong enough these last few months.

 Thinking this, I look at Norn. Her small body is in its growth phase. I wonder if her limbs are more muscular than compared to when we first started.

 It's still difficult to say that her body is strong enough. But I get the feeling that she's strong enough not to hurt herself. It might be about time to teach her the first form.

 "You're right. Then after class today, the real stuff begins."

 "…! Yes!"

 While having this conversation, we leave the bathroom.

 Part 2

 It's the evening.

 The location is near the Magic University.

 'The Third External Training Ground'―――――――― Frankly speaking, it's just a sports ground, and we're standing in one of its corners. We're wearing our usual training wear for ease of movement.

 In front of me stands Norn. She's wearing the same gym uniform as I am. With a sword in hand, her mouth is shut tight and she wears a serious expression.

 Though they were few, there are people in the surroundings. Robed students engaged in self-practice, and students who were simply taking a stroll. There were also bystanders who were wondering what we were doing wearing our gym uniform at such an hour. It doesn't matter even if we're seen though.

 "Norn. Today we'll start real sword training."

 "Yes."

 Norn replies with energy. Her expression is filled with expectation. She is overflowing with the desire to start learning techniques already. Though it was just for a few months, doing nothing but basics training was probably tough on Norn. However, neither wielding a sword nor battling is a game. Whatever you're doing, the basics are important.

 "I'm telling you now, but I intend on being strict."

 "Yes."

 Norn nods seriously.

 "You might come to hate me as things progress. You might think [Onii-chan is being this tough because he hates me]. That's how strict I intend on being."

 "Yes."

 "To be frank, it'll be tough being hated. However, remember that crude knowledge gives birth to grave injury. If you die because I was half-assed in teaching you, I won't be able to face Tou-san in heaven."

 Norn has no talent for the sword. I knew Eris when she was ten, and Norn has no such talent. She probably isn't very far behind the average person. However, strength is something relative. In battle the stronger person will win, and the weaker one will lose. Losing will probably mean losing your life, so it isn't some trifling matter. So that Norn can win against most people, it'll be necessary for her to put in effort, for her to undergo harsh training, and for us to put effort into coming up with some method to help her win.

 "At some point, a day may come when, because it's harsh, because you can't do it well, and because some genius surpasses you, you'll want to just give up."

 "…"

 "I can understand this kind of feeling as well. I won't condemn those who give up on their goals because of these kind of feelings."

 "…"

 Norn's mouth purses into a へ. From her perspective, I might seem like a superman overflowing with talent. She might be wondering what business a person like me has spouting out such words. Certainly, this body of mine is filled with talent. However, there are various people I lost to. There have been times when I've almost died as well. As much as possible, I'd like to avoid seeing those eyes on the verge of death.

 "But absolutely never give up on the sword. If you ever abandon it, I won't teach you a second time, and I absolutely won't let you use Tou-san's sword."

 "…"

 "As long as you don't give up, I'll absolutely never give up on teaching you, either."

 I wonder if I was believable. In the first place, I wonder if I myself followed the advice, I just gave. No, though I gave up on becoming strong through the sword, I still train in the sword every day. It shouldn't be a case of being blind to my own shortcomings.

 "Understand?"

 "Yes! Please take care of me!"

 Norn replies with energy. Blood rushes to her cheeks, and she looks up at me with a face full of determination. I wonder if this is how Paul felt when he saw me as a child.

 If that's the case, it means that one day Norn might part from my hands and go searching for another Shisho as well. Once she's a fine Elementary Ranked swordsman, it might be good to call Ghyslaine. I don't know where she is though. To the west is a land called the Holy Land of Swords. If I put out a request, perhaps someone of about Sword Saint will come.

 "Very well. Well then, let's start with running."

 "Eh? Weren't we going to do training with a sword?"

 "Yeah, of course. You'll be running with sword in hand. On the battlefield you'll always have your sword in hand, after all."

 "…"

 "And your reply!?"

 "Yes!"

 On the menu today is running, the three basics forms, and then free sparring with me.

 I intend to teach her, first of all, that swordsmanship is something frightening. That it's frightening and painful.

 [They won't remember unless it hurts] isn't what I'm aiming for. It's just that I think that I have to let her know about the pain and fear from the start.

 Perhaps Norn will end up crying. I might end up making her hate me in one go. However, I have to steel myself and do it. When it comes to these things, it's no good just to keep having nothing but fun. If you have nothing but fun, one day, you might find yourself dying helplessly.

 "Alright, follow me!"

 "Yes!"

 While feeling a little uneasy, I start to run.

 Part 3

 "Alright, that's enough for today!"

 "T-, thank you for instructing me…"

 Under the dazzling evening sun, Norn is collapsed on the ground, breathing wildly.

 "Tomorrow in the morning, or lunch or whatever is fine; while I'm not around, repeatedly practice the forms you learnt today."

 "Y-, yes."

 The first day's practice goes acceptably. After returning from running, I teach her forms. After that, we have a proper spar with wooden swords. While we are doing so, I correct things like her footwork or her stance.

 If it were the kendo from my old world, they probably would've done various other things. But there are no rules in this world, and when it comes to fighting, real experience is better. Paul had also started knocking me down from an early stage. Ghyslaine, as well, focused on meeting swords. That's why this method shouldn't be wrong.

 However, Norn couldn't help but be averse to hitting people with a wooden sword. That's why, first of all, to get rid of that resistance, I have Norn freely hit me. While avoiding strikes to vital areas, I just stand there and let her hit me without defending.

 Norn grimaces at the sensation passed from her sword to her hands, so I face her with a pose that says, [I'm fine, even if I'm hit.] Because of her practice swings over these last few months, her strikes have a certain weight behind them. As a result, I end up with a lot of dark red bruises.

 After that, we spar as planned. I knock Norn down, and our training ends for the day. Of course, I go easy on her. But even so, she should have a lot of bruises on her limbs. To bruise that cute little sister of mine, I wonder if this is really the right thing to do.

 However, Norn swung her sword at me until the end. Without crying or complaining. As long as she's that determined, everything will work out as a positive. That's what I want to believe.

 "How was it, Norn? Did it hurt?"

 "…No, please look after me tomorrow, as well."

 "Alright."

 Honestly, I have no confidence in my own teaching methods. If magic is like academics, then swordsmanship is like magic. I'm sure I'm not doing it correctly. However, if I don't continue this, then it won't get better.

 "Come here, I'll apply healing magic."

 I sit Norn down and apply healing magic to her. If she's injured in places I can't see, should I have Sylphy heal her? Since she's coming home with me today, I could have her get in the bath together with me and heal her then. Thinking this, I approach Norn and take off her jacket when I suddenly sense a presence.

 "Mn?"

 When I turn my head, I find that standing in the light of the evening are a number of male students looking our way. I wonder how long they're been there for. Thinking back on things, they might have been there from the start. Though I thought they were just curious onlookers, for them to have stayed gathered there, for so long, might mean that they have some other reason for being there. Do you have some business with me?

 "Norn. Go get changed first and wait for me. Let's go home together today."

 "Eh? Ah, yes. I understand."

 After quickly healing Norn, I have her hurry off to the changing room. I then approach the men.

 Though I had thought there were just a few of them, when I near them I realize that they numbered in the double digits. Going by their faces, all of them seem unpopular. Though I'm already a riajuu with two wives, I have no intention of looking down on them. They're the same as I was in my past life.

 As I get close to them, they send looks filled with hostility my way. When I stare right back at them, they avert their eyes. What the heck is with them, anyway?

 "Do you need something, or?"

 When I ask them this, they all look at each other. Asking each other in small voices what they should do, and then pushing each other forward. Eventually, one man steps forward. He's probably about 18, huh? His height is around mine, and he gives a kind of lanky and unhealthy feeling. He has a slightly bad attitude, and his cheekbones protrude. He gives a really magician-ey feeling. Were Zanoba to wear glasses, he might resemble them. However, Zanoba is inexplicably overflowing with confidence. What these guys are overflowing with are insecurities.

 He glares at me and opens his mouth.

 "Why are you bullying Norn?"

 "…Mn?"

 Bullying. Hearing this unpleasant word, I can tell that my eyebrows come together in a frown. Seeing my face, he trembles with a start. However, he continues his words.

 "Certainly Norn-chan is a dunce, and she fails often. Her failures may have rubbed you the wrong way. But she's always giving it her all. Was there really a need to hurt her to that extent?"

 [That's right, that's right.] goes the audience.

 "In the first place, Norn doesn't do stuff like swordsmanship. Even though she doesn't, for you to force her to pick up a sword… No matter what happened, isn't that going too far?"

 [That's right! That's right!] goes the audience.

 "Hmm."

 If I consider what's been said so far, it seems that they think that I forced Norn to pick up a sword, and using swordsmanship practice as a cover, I beat her to my heart's content. Though it's regrettable, that might really be how it looked from the outside. My way of teaching her probably wasn't that great either, after all. Anyway, I'd better clear up this misunderstanding.

 "That was――"

 "We know that you're the strongest in the school. But if you're going to treat Norn-chan cruelly, we'll fight to protect her."

 Speaks the vanguard, with a voice filled with determination.

 But the surrounding voices that say [That's right, that's right] are quieter this time. On the contrary, I could hear small voices saying, [No, going as far as to him is…]

 …That's right. There's something I have to do before clearing up the misunderstanding.

 "In the first place, who are you people?"

 "Eh!?"

 The men start raising their voices in chaos, and turn away from me to face each other. When they turn around to face me again, they ask me a question with troubled expressions.

 "What do you mean by who?"

 "What relation do you have to my sister?"

 "W-, well, since Norn-chan was a first year, she's always been trying her best, and we've always been watching her. Thinking stuff like [Do your best] and wanting to help her, we――"

 The man’s reply is flustered and incoherent. When he seems about to continue, the other starts speaking out as well.

 "Half a year ago I noticed her and――"

 "We had practice together, but she kept failing in fire magic and――"

 "I saw her being scolded by the teacher during magic drills, and I saw her crying, and I unconsciously――"

 Their words are clumsy and unskilled. But, I am able to understand them.

 They are a group that noticed Norn in places like class and drills, and seeing the teary-eyed Norn, felt warm and the like, and casually tried to help her out. In other words, they are 'that'.

 They are a fan club.

 Come to think of it, I think I've heard about this kind of thing from Sylphy. Well, Norn is cute after all. I can understand their feelings. I hope they'll continue to look after my little sister.

 "I see. I understand now. You've always been taking care of my little sister. I'm her brother, Rudeus Greyrat."

 "EEHH!?"

 They are stunned by my deep bow.

 They're Norn's followers. Among them might be certain extremists and stalkers. However, the majority of them purely wish to help her. In that case, as her brother I should properly pay my respects.

 However, that's its own issue. I still have to solve the misunderstanding.

 "There's something I want to talk about. The sword training just now may certainly have been strict. However, leaving other things aside, swordsmanship is something that you lay your life on――"

 I start to explain. That Norn is the one who had brought up swordsmanship. That I thought having half-hearted resolution would've been dangerous. That Norn has no choice but to put in more effort than others do.

 Though they were bewildered at the start, they understand what I am saying. There are also a bunch who say, [For it to be necessary to hit Norn-chan that hard…] Of course, I don't think that my methods are absolutely correct or anything. Anyway, it's fine as long as they don't harbor a grudge against me or anything.

 When I continue my explanation, all of them behave themselves. Since things are as I said, they assent. Though they're still young, they're already considered adults in this world. It seems they understand just how harsh battles are.

 "Nii-san, what's going on?"

 Norn comes back. On top of her usual blazer is a poncho-like winterwear.

 "Ahh-, it's Norn-chan."

 "Norn-chan! You're adorable today too!"

 "You've worked hard, Norn-chan!"

 The moment Norn comes, the members of the fan club suddenly becomes grosser. However, it's not like I can't understand their feelings. The appearance of Norn with a poncho over her blazer is adorable. There's no doubt about this. It's a cuteness that makes you want to have her hold a leaf umbrella.

 "Ah, senpai… Hello."

 Norn trembles with a start and bows her head. However, she doesn't come too close. As expected, she can sense this weird atmosphere.

 "N-, Nii-san. I've forgotten something in my room, so I'm going to go head it. Please wait for me at the school gate."

 As though she suddenly remembers something, Norn says this and heads towards the dorms. On the way, she trips and falls with a thump.

 "Kuh…"

 Norn slowly gets up. She then sneaks a glance our way. For an instant, a light could be seen in her eyes.

 Seriously… There's no helping her. It's because she ran after taking that much damage to her body. When we get home, I'll give her a massage so that her muscle ache doesn't get too bad. She should take a long soak in the bath and get rid of her fatigue, too.

 "…Ahh, Norn-chan is so cute…"

 "If she gives her all in running, we'll see up her skirt."

 "Though I thought that it had to be the school uniform, that outfit is nice too, huh…"

 "But her running is slow, huh."

 "That's right, huh. If she gets targeted by kidnappers or something, she mightn't be able to outrun them."

 "If Norn-chan becomes a slave, I'll buy her."

 "A lifestyle with just Norn-chan and I… Haa… Haa…"

 Mn. If Norn becomes a slave, you'd definitely buy her, huh. Then you'd let her eat as much as she wanted. Her face, after eating her fill but forcing herself not to waste the remainders, would…

 Ha-! Not good, not good. That's not it! Norn is my little sister. As if I'd let her become a slave. If someone abducts Norn, even if I have to tear the grass out of the ground, I'll find the guy who did it and beat the sheet out of him. If Norn becomes a slave, I'll track down the guy who bought her and fuck him up.

 "Ahem!"

 "Ha-!"

 When I clear my throat, the fan club whose delusions are running wild, come back to their senses.

 "I'd like it if you didn't look at my sister with such strange eyes."

 "S-, sorry."

 "Well, Norn is cute though, so I won't mind if you keep it to watching her from afar, immersing yourself in delusions or whatever."

 "I-, is that so?"

 A relaxed atmosphere spreads through the place.

 "But don't think I'll leave you alone if you lay your hands on her for real."

 "Hii-"

 Just to make sure, I give them a warning. For now, it doesn't seem like there are any guys who plan on doing anything cheeky, and after all, these kind of organizations won't allow their members to get ahead of each other. But you never know what obsessed people are capable of, after all. Someone might even suddenly snap, and attack Norn.

 "Speaking of which, what are the rules of your club?"

 "Eh? Club? Rules?"

 "Right. According to the rules of your club, how much contact with Norn is okay?"

 This is something important. For example, with idol fan clubs, essentially contact with them is forbidden, but cases like handshakes are okay. At those times, there are also guys who stick weird things to their palms. Gum for example, or sea urchin for example. You'd want to make everyone promise to wash their hands properly before a handshake event.

 Or so I was thinking, but…

 "Fan club?"

 "Mn?"

 I sense a discrepancy in our conversation. The reaction towards words like 'fan club' and 'rules' is wrong. Proper fan clubs usually have clearly defined rules. Could it be that though they're club members, they don't know about them?

 "Please wait a moment. Who's the one in charge of this group?"

 "In charge…? No, there's no one like that…"

 "…What do you mean? Please explain."

 I try asking for the details. When I do, I realize a strange truth. It seems that this group wasn't something that someone came up with. They saw Norn's cuteness and naturally grouped together. In other words, they didn't even know each other's names.

 "I see."

 It's an extremely dangerous situation. At any rate, a group of unknown size that thinks of Norn as cute has emerged. When people group together, they become capable of things that they wouldn't be on their own. For example, abducting the cute Norn and taking her back to their rooms. While making excuses like [It's your fault for being so cute, Norn-chan], they'd…

 Outrageous!

 "At this rate, a crime is going to happen."

 "A crime? That's… We just…"

 "There's no mistaking it. Someone will run wild and lay their hands on Norn."

 When I said this, they all made a fuss.

 "That's ridiculous!"

 "We have no intention of doing something like laying a hand on Norn-chan!"

 "That's, we like Norn-chan, but we like her as a something like a little sister…"

 What'd you say, bastard? Norn is my little sister. …No, that's not the problem right now.

 "I think we need to create some rules."

 In order to prevent crimes sprouting from the group, regulations are necessary. They need to decide on the rules, and watch each other to protect them. As long as people have rules, they'll abide by them. Wearing the same clothes and mufflers, and waiting together for the idol to leave, you know?

 Rules are something that emerge because of history. During a group's long history, rules will be created in response to necessity. It might be because the history of this fan club is short that they haven't finished creating their rules yet.

 However, it's dangerous to leave them without rules. It's a danger to Norn. I have to use this chance to make sure rules are created. It'll be too late once something happens.

 At the very least, someone has to decide on them from the start. The problem is just who will be deciding. As I thought, the person who creates the group would be most suitable as a leader. However, these guys don't have such a person. The guy who came and talked to me first is surely the strongest amongst this lot. In that case, should I leave the position of leader to him and have him decide on the rules?

 …Nay.

 It's not suitable to leave the position of leader to a guy with no self-awareness.

 Amongst those standing here, who is it that has the most self-awareness here?

 Amongst those standing here, who is it that is most aware of how much they should value Norn?

 "Alright!"

 It's me.

 Norn is my younger sister.

 In other words…

 ――――I AM the rules.

 Year 425 of the Armored Dragon calendar.

 At the Ranoa Magic University, a certain society was established: the Norn Greyrat Official Fan Club.

 Numbering 30 members total, this group would go on to become an organization that had a great impact on the Magic University.

 The name of their First Generation Chairman was undisclosed.

 According to one theory, the First Generation Chairman violated the rules that he himself had set; he had gotten in the bath with Norn, and was subsequently driven from his position before the third day had passed.

 His name became the shame of the organization, and was erased for eternity from the register of members.

 However, the existence of the First Generation Chairman was by no means an evil one.

 According to that anecdote, he had brought 『Ironbound Law』 to the fan club.

 Severe and strict ironbound law.

 The number of those who hated these rules and left the fan club became large.

 However, the result was that the fan club's sense of unity became stronger.

 Their ironbound unity was of such strength, that rumors of it spread even to the Knight Orders of the Kingdom of Ranoa.

 Rumors gave birth to rumors.

 At some point, the leaders of the fan club became known as proper and courteous people who maintained order.

 When they graduated, they were met with favorable treatment from the knight orders and magic guilds of the surrounding countries.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 3

 "At the Banchou's single shout, a group of 30 people will assemble."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
