Volume 14  4 — What I Raised

Volume 14 Chapter 4 - What I Raised

 

 Part 1

 Let's have a talk about Aisha.

 She is energetic.

 With the death of Paul and the state of Zenith, she continues to pass her time energetically without changing a thing.

 Rather, she seems more energetic now than she was before.

 In fact, you could say she is the most energetic when she's at home.

 It's nothing like the listless face seen on Lilia as she stares out the window.

 Nor does she wear a painful face like Norn, who idly stares at Paul's beloved sword.

 The housework is continually done as if nothing had happened.

 During the day she raises the plants in the garden, and flowers in her room.

 At night I privately instruct her in magic, while she fawns all over me.

 There does not seem to be any mournful feeling for Paul at all from her.

 For Aisha, I wonder if father's existence wasn't a very big thing?

 Norn, it seems, doesn't have many memories remaining of Buina village.

 So it's possible that Aisha also might not have many proper memories of Paul and Zenith as well.

 For Norn, the only real length of time she spent with family was with Paul.

 For Aisha, the only real length of time she spent with family was with Lilia.

 When looking at it from that perspective, it's difficult for me to say that I also am properly able to mourn as well.

 I think, rather than feeling sadness at the death of her Father, that her driving force is the happiness she feels just knowing that her Mother is alive and well.

 "Life" to her, isn't about holding on to regrets from the disasters that have happened in her life, but rather finding a way to get the most enjoyment out the life she is able to live.

 Part 2

 Now, it was the morning of a certain day.

 While it was a holiday for myself, unfortunately Sylphy and Roxy both had to work.

 I thought about how I would spend the day leisurely, even while taking care of Lucy.

 While the wives are working hard, the husband is having a rest.

 Even though that seemed to give me a deplorable feeling, I rationalized that even an adult needs downtime too.

 Well, as of right now, I'm not presently bringing in any income.

 And it is a little hectic around here with the arrival of my baby.

 But still, as for what's happening presently and also what I can see in the coming future, there aren't any money problems that I need to be concerned with.

 While confirming my thoughts, I see off Sylphy and Roxy.

 Then, I double-check that Lucy is asleep.

 I let loose with some stretching, and head out to the garden.

 At one point, the garden was dilapidated, and there were many exposed patches of bare earth.

 However now, after not having seen it for a while, it had undergone a metamorphosis.

 The first thing I noticed, was that three trees of the type to not wither in winter had been planted.

 Each tree had a type of blossom that corresponded to one of the other seasons; spring summer and autumn.

 I can only imagine how in the world each of them were brought here.

 I seem to recall an inquiry on an adventurer guild request, that involved delivering something that had been uprooted from the forest.

 If the transportation costs were said to be very expensive, receiving Zanoba's assistance could have lent some assistance with settling matter by way of escort costs.

 Furthermore, there was place in a corner of the garden that was bricked-off.

 I know of it because I helped with its creation.

 In this bricked-off area, there was a paddy that had the rice seeds I brought back planted inside.

 Since I didn't know how to actually make a rice paddy, the rice was being grown normally in the ground.

 Presently, promising stalks have begun growing out of that paddy.

 While it seems to be doing alright, as for whether or not rice will be able to be harvested, I just don't know yet.

 Aisha was squatting down in front of the bricked-off rice paddy.

 And curiously, Zenith was also squatting next to her.

 "What are you all up to?"

 "Ah, Onii-chan. We're pulling weeds!"

 Pulling weeds.

 This is something straight out of a Showa Era manga, isn't it?

 After looking at the section for a bit, certainly Aisha has made an effort in her weeding.

 Even Zenith next to her is also silently pulling up weeds.

 Come to think of it, that time when I lived back in Buina village, Zenith used to pass time pulling weeds like this quite naturally.

 After all, pulling weeds is an integral part of gardening.

 "Zenith-sama has also been something like an assistant lately."

 "……"

 The way she says 'Zenith-sama', leaves me feeling a bit uncomfortable.

 "Umm. Aisha. About the way you refer to Mother, is it alright if you just call her 'Mama' too?"

 "I can't. That's something Mama Lilia was very against. About Zenith-sama, since Zenith-sama is the proper wife, I must always respect her as such."

 Lilia's orders, huh?

 Strictly enforced.

 However, since Aisha is unable to look at Zenith as a mother, is it a difficult matter for her?

 Around the time she was born, Zenith was able to become a proper mother to Aisha after all.

 Well, it's fine.

 In our family, calling her that, might as well be as trivial as a nickname.

 "Since when has Mama Zenith been doing this?"

 "From before this was made. At first Mama Lilia stopped her when she would come out here and help me with the gardening. But she is more skillful than I am!"

 That's right, back in Buina village, Zenith did do proper gardening.

 Great care was given to the plants and trees in the garden.

 I wonder if this behavior is influenced by how she was?

 At any rate, if there is a chance she can regain any part of her memories by doing this, I have no reason to stop her.

 Nevertheless, I just watch the ladies side by side pulling weeds.

 The relation between those two seems quit good.

 While they are not connected by blood at all.

 They look like your normal mother-daughter

 "Ah, I forgot. Brother, you are taking a rest today, aren't you?"

 While considering things, Aisha looked back at me and spoke.

 Her cheeks were dirty with mud.

 "Yeah, for today, I'll be in the house."

 "In that case, can you come to my room later on, I have something I want to show you."

 "Sure."

 I nodded while I wiped the muddy cheeks of Aisha.

 Having the mud wiped away, she could only smile with a mischievous "ne he he~"

 Even I had noticed that Zenith was watching the situation.

 Part 3

 [Because there is something I want to show you, come to my room later.]

 Those were some very seductive lines.

 Aisha is a precocious child.

 It's very possible that she might start doing things, like abruptly lifting her skirt and saying [I want you to see all of me!]

 Nope, no way.

 It's all for naught, since our relations together extend into taking a bath together.

 What more can you even show past that?

 However, with her being so direct like that, ahh, I am worried about her future prospects.

 Is it time for me to teach her Sex Ed?

 No, if it comes to that, Lilia is certain to have taught her about it.

 In all possibility, the one who would be giving out the wrong knowledge about that here, would be me.

 Pondering that, I enter Aisha's room.

 Though I was told to come by later, I never heard exactly when 'later' was supposed to be.

 I don't think she'd particularly mind if I was waiting in her room.

 It's not like I have any particular interest in the room of an 11-year old girl.

 Then again, it's not like I can say I don't have an interest either.

 "Yeah. She is definitely able to keep her own room clean."

 Aisha's room was very orderly.

 All the nooks and crannies of her room have been thoroughly cleaned, and not a single thing lies scattered about.

 The bed is also properly made.

 At various places around the room, girl-like accessories could be seen.

 For instance, on the side of the bed was a plush doll.

 It was a plush doll made in the shape of a human about 20 cm tall.

 Bright light brown hair made of wool, wearing a robe, and holding a staff.

 Clearly a Magician.

 Around here plush dolls aren't sold, did you somehow buy it from a certain peddler?

 I don't get the feeling that Zanoba would have had a doll like this.

 Then in that case, it's a quite the treasure.

 I mean… surely something like this probably wasn't made by herself.

 On the windowsill there were some potted plants.

 From the seeds that I had gotten on my journey, there were some sprouts.

 One like a Tulip, others like the Cactus, or Aloe.

 There were about 10 different sized potted plants lined up.

 Unlike that of Norn, this was indeed a girl's room.

 Opening the closet in the corner of the room, three different sets of maid clothes were hanging.

 All of them seemed to have been thoroughly used, and the patching stood out.

 They were the apprentice maid's clothes.

 As Aisha steadily grows taller, the time she has left to wear these will soon run out.

 Or will Lilia mend these further with a bit of her tailoring?

 While looking around near the edge of the closet, I spotted a rather cutesy and girlish set of clothes.

 Something that would look rather frilly if she wore it.

 'Battle Clothes' I wonder?

 If she wanted to show off something like this, then I feel a bit sorry for her.

 I'll just pretend that I didn't see this.

 And so, I closed the closet.

 I instead went to open the drawer under the closet.

 In it was a cluster of panties.

 It was packed to the point of overflowing with small folded panties.

 If I had any kind of 'thing' for Aisha, then certainly this spot would be Shangri-la.

 Next to it was also a cluster of shirts as well.

 Properly investigating, I was able to confirm a large number of brassieres as well.

 Nonetheless, with my 11 year old sister's pleasant growth, she has already successfully managed to equip the chest armor.

 However, isn't her size still that of an A-cup?

 According to Oppai-sennin, on the subject of her 'equipment', from the very beginning Aisha was said to become a person of exceptional talent in this area.

 Clink.

 "!"

 At that moment, I heard a sound from behind me.

 I used my foresight eyes and filled my hands with magical power and looked over my shoulder.

 Simultaneously, I closed the drawer, and then extended a fingertip in the direction I heard the sound.

 "……Who's there!"

 There was nothing.

 There was no one.

 Aisha and Zenith are probably still in the middle of weeding.

 And Lilia should be handling lunch preparations right now.

 Maybe it was Jiro the armadillo?

 Wait a minute, Roxy rode Jiro to school.

 He should be taking a nap in the academy stable right now.

 Perhaps the horse I bought before going to Begaritto -- Mastsukaze , sometimes I check up on him in the town stables but it's unlikely for him to come all the way here on his own.

 Could the noise have been Lucy?

 Not possible, Lucy can barely even crawl as of yet.

 Then, could it be something completely different?

 A thief perhaps?

 Some kind of hentai bastard whose only aim is to possess the bra, worn for the first time by a certain young girl…

 I adopt a low posture, and become cautious of the surroundings.

 But still, there is nobody.

 There aren't any hiding places.

 But my sharpened instincts tell me, that something strange is going on.

 Impossible, but could it be an invisible enemy?

 Using a magic item to make themselves invisible?

 In that case, the effect would wear off soon.

 "……So is it a test of patience then? Fine with me."

 I mutter that alone.

 Without anyone being here, it could be that I am an idiot and it is just the rattlings of this old house.

 No. Certainly something was there.

 It was an uneasy feeling.

 I need to look properly.

 Anything that looks different from before.

 …Plush doll.

 No, that's the same.

 The door hasn't been opened or shut.

 The bed isn't disorderly at all.

 Even the ceiling is clean. I doubt even a mote of dust would fall from there.

 That can only leave one thing.

 The potted plants.

 There you go.

 The number of potted plants is different……no that's not quite it.

 There doesn't seem to have been an increase or a decrease.

 However the sense of foreboding is definitely coming from here.

 It was then, at that moment.

 A strong light shone into the windowsill, when the sun had reappeared from behind the clouds.

 Clink, Clink!

 "Wha-!"

 The smallest of the potted plants shook.

 The plant that had been growing there began to move about in a meandering way.

 Wiggling its body around so that its whole body would be absorbed in the sunlight.

 Whenever the plant moved, then the pot it was planted in would move, and that was what was causing the noise.

 So this little guy was the true source of the sound.

 However…

 "What the heck is this?"

 When I timidly stuck out a finger to give it a poke, the plant twisted in a surprising way.

 However, when my fingertip approached, it immediately wrapped its ivy vines slowly around it.

 I hurriedly removed my finger.

 And the plant, as if nothing happened, resumed its sunbathing.

 "A moving plant……?"

 How strange.

 Will it by chance dance as well when I sing a song?

 "……"

 All joking aside.

 I seem to remember a plant like this.

 Yeah, I've seen it many times now.

 This.

 This guy is…

 It is a Treant!

 Part 4

 Anywhere you go you can find the monster called Treant.

 It is a classic example of a demon that lives in this world.

 Strictly speaking, it's the so-called Slime of this world.

 I have also visited many places during my travels.

 Demon Continent, Milis Continent, Central Continent, and Begaritto Continent.

 And while I have unfortunately not yet gone to the Sky Continent, I have conquered most of the world's 5 continents.

 And on every continent, there was always a species of demon Treant that existed there.

 Whether in the forest, or on the plains, it appeared frequently.

 While Treant is a monster of the tree, its outward appearance is not fixed.

 Stone Treant looks more like a potato.

 Cactus Treant looks like a cactus.

 They each had various appearances.

 According to a story that I heard, there is even a type called Elder Treant that is able to manipulate water.

 However I have never seen such a small Treant.

 This one is at most hardly smaller than 15 cm.

 Maybe 20 cm if I include the root size.

 It has 4 leaves and 2 vines.

 Currently it has no budding flowers nor fruits.

 It's still a young tree though.

 For the meantime, I've decided to call this guy 『Baby Treant』,

 Well, what the name is doesn't matter.

 Just not having a name makes it inconvenient is all.

 Now then, for the problem at hand.

 Why is there a Baby Treant being cultivated in Aisha's room? What exactly is she doing?

 "And then, what shall I do about this guy?"

 "Well about that, you see, it suddenly started moving."

 Aisha, without a hint of shyness, answered so.

 "When was that?"

 "Almost immediately around the time Onii-chan came back, so isn't it pretty amazing?"

 Rather, she pridefully boasted about it!

 "Yeah, it's amazing. However, why have you kept quiet about it until now?"

 "I was going to tell you!　However since Onii-chan looked busy all the time I postponed telling you, and Onii-chan just found it before I could tell you!"

 Aisha retorted, angrily puffing out her cheeks.

 Ah, she's really lovely.

 However, now I understand.

 This was on today's agenda.

 Was it this you wanted to show me?

 "So then, there was somehow a Treant seed mixed in with the ones I received……"

 "Eh, that's not what I'm saying. I got it from the Asura Kingdom, it's a germ of Bacillus."

 "Ah, is that…so?"

 "Yes. Don't you see how there are leaves on the vines?　In just a short while, it should start blooming purple-colored flowers."

 A flower of the Bacillus.

 I've heard the name before.

 A material in aphrodisiacs.

 Aside from aphrodisiacs, it is also cultivated as part of the raw materials typical in the production of perfumes.

 However, why is such a flower able to become a Treant?

 "This thing, exactly how did it start moving? Was it right from the start?"

 "Nope. At first it didn't move at all. But then I transplanted it into the pot, and it suddenly began to move."

 According to the conversation, it first germinated in her flower bed, then after a short while she transplanted it into a new pot and it started taking care of its growth.

 Then after she grew it a bit more carefully, she was going to return it back into the garden.

 She seemed to be trying various methods of growing, and in the middle of the potting plant stage, it began to take form.

 "Heh."

 Plant pots are common.

 Some time ago, I even went with Aisha to buy some at the general store.

 Even though in all likelihood the plant pot wasn't somehow a magic item.

 "You haven't done anything strange?"

 "Nope. Same as all the others. I am only using the soil that Onii-chan made with magic. After all, compared to the soil around here, the soil made by Onii-chan, is very nutrient-rich."

 Then, it seems it isn't a question of the soil.

 I never particularly considered the effectiveness of the soil I produced with magic.

 Aisha seems to be filling it with all of the feelings of love she has for me.

 "Ah, also, I will occasionally give it some of the remaining bathwater."

 The remaining bathwater!

 So that means, in the times that it is not me, it gets to bathe mainly in the dissolved sweat droplets from my beloved Sylphy and Roxy?

 And even on occasion, leftover droplets of Nanahoshi are mixed in too?

 No wonder!

 Then it would be no mystery at all that the plant would develop some ecchi tentacles.

 No, wait, it might be strange after all.

 But I can certainly understand it.

 "Hmm."

 After all, what exactly is the cause?

 An ordinary seed being raised in an ordinary way becoming a monster.

 Is it possible that something like that could have happened?

 In the seeds that Aisha received, by chance had a Treant seed mixed in, that much I can grasp.

 Treant are able to mimic their surroundings.

 So by that process, it might not have been suspicious to choose the form of the Bacillus flower.

 While I consider all of that, only one result remains coherent.

 "In any case, it would probably be best to burn it to death."

 "Whaaaat!?"

 Aisha raised her voice hysterically when I said that.

 "But why!?　It took a lot of time and effort to raise it!　And you don't want to do anything else but destroy it!?"

 It's hard to believe.

 That she was crying out such feelings.

 Certainly, if I wanted to pridefully show off something, and was then told to incinerate that something, would I react similarly?

 "……Aisha. Even you should be able to understand. This guy is a Treant. A monster."

 "But still, right now it's just tiny and cute!?"

 "Even if that's how it is now, there is the chance it can attack someone when it becomes bigger. It is dangerous!"

 "But I've already been properly disciplining it to not attack people already!"

 Aisha clings to my waist

 And in her eyes, tears gather.

 Just now, [I'll look after it properly, and I won't let it trouble anyone else I promise.] seemed to be silently conveyed.

 However, it's not like a dog or a cat.

 It's a Treant!

 "Say, Onii-chan. I can keep it, right?"

 Aisha pleads at me with upturned eyes.

 "It's no good even if it's tiny and cute. Throw it away."

 "Even if, this guy, isn't even in the slightest? Even if it becomes friendly with everyone else, and it properly listens to what I tell it to?"

 "I know that's a lie. A Treant has no ears so how can you say that it listens to the things you tell it to?"

 "Watch this."

 When Aisha replied, she extended her hand towards the Baby Treant.

 The vines of Baby Treant began to wind themselves around the small finger of Aisha.

 When the vines had been wrapped around Aisha, she gently tickled and stroked the side of it's leaf.

 While it was being petted, the Baby Treant began to wiggle its body.

 It was a strange thing to see.

 The plant was behaving like a domesticated animal.

 "Yes, now release finger."

 When Aisha said so, the vine unwound with a rustling sound, and stood up on the palm of her hand.

 "Which one is the pinky?"

 The vine took a moment, seemingly at a loss, then coiled itself around the pinky finger.

 "And now the middle."

 The vine then released the pinky, and coiled around the middle finger.

 "Okay, now the thumb."

 Following the words of Aisha, the vine coiled around the middle finger began working it's way over to the thumb.

 However, without sufficient length, only the tip of the vine could touch the thumb.

 "Good job, Releaseー"

 Aisha and Baby Treant played in that sort of way, for a while longer.

 And then she turned around and faced me.

 "How's that?　It listened to me properly, didn't it?"

 "A- Yeah."

 Certainly it was possible that those two had come to be able to understand each other.

 The impression I got from watching, was that the Treant had definitely taken to Aisha well.

 Should I change my way of thinking just a little on this?

 …even though Treant is a demon.

 In my image of it, it's a ferocious demon that mimics a tree to ambush and attack travelers.

 However, even though I just call it a monster, there are those that get used to people.

 The lizard I rode on in the Demon Continent, and even Jiro the Armadillo are also demon beasts.

 However, between demon beast and demon, if I look into the origin of both, they can be called the same thing.

 Is it possible for Baby Treant to be domesticated into a demon beast if it gets used to people?

 If it's a matter of risk, then wouldn't keeping the larger sized Jiro be a much bigger risk?

 However, Jiro was a demon beast that was trained by a professional.

 "I'm more worried that in the middle of the night, it will take advantage of you being asleep and strangle you to death."

 "In the case of the Bacillus flower, at best it might grow to twice its current size, so I think everything will be fine."

 "But, Still…"

 "Then suppose I am injured, and at that time it still obeys me!"

 "By the time it would take to get back here, you might be injured beyond any repair."

 "Muu……Say, surely it's not still no good?"

 Up until now, I have never heard the story of the Treant being domesticated.

 I don't know its habits, nor do I know how it should be trained in the future either.

 And the Treant, even though it is a small fry, it is still a demon.

 If one wrong step is made, I have a feeling it could become a major incident.

 Even if it only grows at most to 30 cm like Aisha said, I guess the level of incident could be known.

 The Treant which has been germinated from a seedling, had been raised all the way to here.

 If it was able to become accustomed to people, then it would be hard to imagine that it could cause significant harm.

 Hmm.

 "……"

 "I get it. Even if you say it is no good, I still have a plan."

 When I seemed perplexed, Aisha indignantly raised her lips.

 And then, folding her arms defiantly, glared at me with her upturned eyes.

 "A plan?"

 "I'll just talk to Sylphy-ane and Roxy-ane, about 'that thing.'"

 "'That thing?'"

 It sounded like I would be met with something troublesome.

 To the perplexed me, Aisha arrogantly declared.

 "Why, the hidden room in the basement!"

 "-!"

 There are certain parts to people you shouldn't mess with.

 For me, that happens to be the basement altar.

 When everyone is fast asleep, that is the sacred place I secretly visit and offer my prayers.

 Although the god I worship is already beside me, still, this is this, and that is that.

 Such a thing is what I believe in.

 The act of praying is relieving to a person, and it allows one to live their life to the fullest everyday.

 I have already been doing it for so many years now.

 It has become a vital part of my existence.

 Suppose such a place becomes known, what would happen?

 What would Sylphy think?

 What would Roxy think?

 I want to think that Lilia already sort of understands.

 And Aisha at first has taken the trouble to pretend not to have known.

 However, Norn would probably despise me more if she knew.

 And then perhaps they'd demand I destroy the altar.

 "Ah, Aisha. I uh, am only thinking of your well being after all. Treant is a dangerous monster you know, and even if you raise it, there is no telling if it still won't be dangerous."

 "Don't worry, I no longer mind that Onii-chan is a pervert, but I wonder how Sylphy-ane and Roxy-ane would feel?　Especially Roxy-ane, that for all these years you've been holding on to her underwear, how would she feel if she knew?"

 Gununu.

 This rascal.

 Here I am just trying to look out for her well being, and then bam… she threatens me!

 Ahhh. Sheet, How should I handle this?

 I'm doing the best I know how to do.

 Then, in the moment that I was most troubled.

 The door behind me suddenly opened.

 "Umm, I thought I heard my name, were you trying to call for me?"

 "EH!"

 "EH!"

 Me and Aisha both turned around in wonder at who was standing in the doorway.

 There, standing there dressed in her robes, was the person I had just seen off only a little while ago, Roxy.

 And she was wearing a blank face.

 "W,Why is Roxy here…and not at the Academy?"

 "Ah I had left something behind, and I came back to get it real fast. At this time, I don't have any class."

 How Roxy-like of her, to forget something!

 No, it's not like that.

 "Say Roxy-ane, Did you know? Onii-chan has Roxy-ane's MFFFFFHFUFHHFFF……"

 I panicked and held my hand over Aisha's mouth.

 What should I do?

 "……"

 "…………"

 Silence fills the room.

 And on the windowsill, Baby Treant meanders about.

 Roxy's eyes hone in on it.

 …All right.

 For now, I'll let Roxy voice some opposition to it.

 Surely she can relate to the fear of keeping a Treant well enough.

 "This is a Treant isn't it?"

 "It,It appears to be that way, Roxy. It seems Aisha has been wanting to suggest that she cultivate it! But, The Treant is a demon too, and I wonder if it wouldn't be dangerous instead? Does Roxy also think that the idea is no good?"

 Aisha makes 'Mff Mff' sounds while trying to pry my hand from her mouth.

 Fool, don't you understand my true power?

 Even if you bite it, I won't ever remove it.

 Ah, Wai-, don't lick it.

 Ack, Don't slurp it either!

 "Isn't it wonderful!"

 How unexpected!

 She approved of it!

 "If it is raised properly and takes to a person well, I doubt one of this size would be dangerous to a person."

 "Eh? Really?"

 "Yes. While I haven't really taken a good look at this one, The Migurudo tribe bred Treants to keep harmful birds out of the fields."

 Is that so?

 That the Migurudo Village had such things?

 Whether there was, or there wasn't.

 Did I even look?

 I can't really remember it all that well.

 Well.

 Was it not dangerous after all?

 I moved my hand off of Aisha's mouth.

 "Aisha. Perhaps, Onii-chan was mistaken."

 Though Aisha gave me a suspicious look, eventually she gave me a broad smile.

 "But, Onii-chan was also trying to think about myself as well."

 "Right. Of course I was. Keeping a demon would be dangerous, right?"

 "Then, about 'that thing'… I'll keep quiet about it for now."

 "Thank you Aisha. How about you go cook us something delicious, right now?"

 "Sure!"

 Aisha separated from me.

 And then ran over to Roxy, clinging to her with a 'pyon~'

 "I love you Onee-chan!"

 "…………Eh ah, okay?"

 Finally, only the perplexed face of Roxy remained.

 Part 5

 Thus, the household pets now included 『Baby Treant』

 Of course, I attached several conditions on the matter of keeping it.

 Firstly, if he ever harms a person he will be disposed of immediately.

 Secondly, it must be properly trained to not attack people.

 Thirdly, the family must be instructed properly on what kind of plant it is.

 Fourthly, taking into account the worst-case scenario, it is to never be put near the baby.

 Etc.

 Though saying these various rules made Aisha's mouth sour, she nodded without making an unpleasant face.

 But because the orders were mostly relevant to the protection of my child, everything should be fine.

 Incidentally, in regards to the name of the Baby Treant, it was given the name 『Beet』

 I have expectations for its growth.

 Certainly in the future it will become a wonderful protector of my rice garden.

 Still, for her to have found that altar…

 I truly cannot take her maid skills lightly.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 4

 "A monster lives at the Banchou's house."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
