Volume 14  5 — A Father of Dignity

Volume 14 Chapter 5 - A Father of Dignity

 

 Three months passed again in the blink of an eye.

 Summer is here.

 The snow has already completely melted; every day is drying heat.

 Part 1

 This year, I'm crazy about Lucy.

 Whenever I have the time, I hover over to see Lucy.

 She is my first child.

 I must adore her very much.

 Even now, in a custom-made baby room on the first floor, I am still looking at Lucy.

 Looking at her angelic yet naive and innocent face,

 With naturally loose cheeks, and a mouth that looks sloppy.

 However, for now, I am the pillar of this house.

 Although I don't have any dignity, I still have to pretend in front of my wives and sisters.

 If I dote on children too much, my cool image will fade.

 So, I think I should be stricter with my child.

 Yeah, strict.

 Perhaps, Paul also thought about it when he saw me,

 Fathers are great; they should be the children's goal.

 Once, I thought that Paul looked like a pathetic man to me.

 But, now is different.

 Paul was a great father.

 Although he was lacking in some areas, he's still a great father.

 Indeed, he was rough with his relationships with females, but that was not something I should say about, that's why it's enough to see the part of how great he was.

 For now, I can say like this:

 I want to be like Paul—.

 "Aahn, Aah"

 Ah, that's not good; Lucy woke up crying.

 And Sylphy isn't around.

 "Be good—, Lucy-chan. It's daddy, funny face."

 "Akyuwa, Kyakkya!"

 Oh, so cute.

 Is there anything in this world that is cuter than a grinning Lucy?

 If there are angels that exist in this world, this child should be one.

 Ah, not good,

 I was just thinking about the dignity of a father.

 I think a father should be a presence that is closer yet further.

 Usually gentle with children, but sometimes will scold them severely.

 But, if anything happens, a father should protect his child with his life, saving the child.

 Should be that kind of existence,

 An ideal father should be like that.

 Eh?

 This is completely like Paul.

 To me, Paul is the ideal father.

 I don't want to let my children know I am a useless father.

 But, due to his uselessness, I felt closer to Paul.

 There were many things to learn from him.

 And, although I viewed him as a failure of a father,

 But, to Norn, he was a good father.

 Otherwise, she wouldn't have become that attached to him.

 Whatever it is, cherishing children is the most important thing—

 "Ah—, ahwa—, wa—."

 Not good, Lucy is crying again.

 "Oh—be good. Lucy-chan. It's daddy. Carry high. Be good."

 "Ukya, Akyakya!"

 I carry and rock Lucy about.

 Lucy is delighted.

 Rocking in my forged strong arms, she smiles like a cupid.

 Oh, so cute.

 "I wonder, Danna-sama."

 "What's the matter, Suzanne?”

 While I cradle Lucy, the nanny Suzanne comes to speak to me.

 She's a former adventurer, and an acquaintance of mine.

 "Cradling Ojou-sama, shouldn't I be doing it?"

 "Please do not take away my time of happiness."

 I knew her when I was an adventurer.

 I had not seen her for 4 years.

 When we met in a place for recruiting nannies, I was surprised.

 "Well, I can't stop you if you want to do it."

 "Are there men who are unwilling to do this?"

 "My husband isn't willing to do that."

 "Then he is not self-conscious enough to be a father."

 I still remembered the time well when I met her.

 When, I was 12 years old, and broke up with Eris, I headed north to cover my sorrow.

 I was at a town in the corner of Basherant Dukedom, alone, feeling the indescribable loneliness brought by the dissolved [Dead End] party.

 At that time, in order to distract myself from the loneliness, I accepted quests that cannot be done alone.

 There was also a time when I wanted to give up.

 And then there was Suzanne's group.

 Two warriors, one healer, one mage: a 4-person party,

 Her party rank was a B-rank; four of them were veterans.

 Suzanne was a warrior.

 Although she was not skilled in swordsmanship, she was still one of the B-rank adventurers.

 But, she is a woman who was caring, and deserved respect.

 She spoke to me who was accepting quests alone.

 [This quest needs more than one person. Do you need help?]

 I remembered that feeling.

 And then I replied, [Oh, then I am glad if you can help. I want to gain some fame].

 To see me like that, Suzanne was shocked.

 She seemed to be in a panic.

 Moreover, it seemed when I spoke to her in honorifics with dead eyes; it made her feel a creepiness that overwhelmed her shock.

 In spite of that thought, Suzanne was willing to help me.

 Before I left town, she invited me to join a fixed party many times.

 After all that, she kept saying, even if I refused to join a party, I shouldn't be eating alone, and she treated me a meal.

 In hindsight, I might have been taken care of by her a lot.

 And I appreciated that.

 After that, Suzanne seemed to have married one of the magicians in the party.

 And, I started living in the hometown of magicians known as Sharia.

 Now, she is a mother of two children.

 However, the third one seemed to be a premature infant; it died right after birth unfortunately.

 Even though the third child died, she still has breast milk.

 And, breast milk could be sold.

 She found my name in the place for recruiting nannies.

 And that is how we met again.

 "…Anyway, you've really changed."

 "Did I change that much?"

 "Of course, if it was the old you, you would not belittle a husband in front of his wife."

 Certainly.

 And if I thought of that, during those days, I was extremely afraid to offend others.

 That feeling has not changed much, even now.

 But, probably after going through many things, it seems to have faded a little.

 "Did I make you unhappy?"

 "No. That will be fine. Just take it as a joke. I also can feel slightly sociable."

 It was also the same at school,

 Making jokes tended to put us slightly closer.

 Zanoba and Cliff also want to be close; I also felt easier.

 "That kind of spooky honorifics, is it all right not to use them? You're the employer."

 "Well, one must have manners if one wants to be closer to another."

 "Right."

 Suzanne says with a wry smile.

 I am grateful to her.

 No matter what, the one who told me about the common knowledge of the adventurers in the northern continent:

 It was her.

 "Well, it’s alright with me as long as I can get my pay."

 "Of course, I will not fail you."

 It is good to get more gold.

 Even though these were just spoken words, Suzanne did her job seriously.

 I still felt uneasy due to cases in my previous life where the babysitter would abuse the infant.

 But Suzanne treated Lucy as her own child.

 Well, Lilia and Aisha would always be in the house- I also know Suzanne would not do anything to a friend's child.

 "Come to think of it, how are your sons?"

 "Both of them are terrifically healthy. But they stick to my grandparents like superglue."

 Suzanne seems to be living with her husband's parents.

 Of course, otherwise, she would not leave the children alone when she became a nanny.

 Living with the mother-in-law seems to have many kinds of problems, she would complain to Lilia about them.

 Lilia did not have much to say in the position of a mother-in-law, but she seems to be the same age as Suzanne, so conversing with her was easier.

 I have witnessed them often drinking tea together.

 "…Do you feel it is better to have a boy as your first child?"

 "No not really, why do you ask?"

 "You know, it's about having an heir."

 "Ah."

 Children were born to do that, I heard that story many times.

 Zanoba, Ariel said that too.

 Indeed royal families, noble families seem to be concerned with boys and girls who were born.

 Boreas nobles in the Asura Kingdom also said that, the main family would adopt boys who were born.

 "I am not even a noble or a merchant. It's enough as long as they grow up healthily."

 Rather, girls were cuter.

 Recently, there was an imbalance with boys and girls in the house.

 However, I had no complaints especially when cute girls are surrounding me.

 They are not unreasonable or oppressive.

 All of them support me.

 "That's nice. My husband, from the time I got pregnant, went on and on about how we'd raise him if it's a boy… I never even considered what to do if a girl was born instead."

 "And then a boy was born, was that not good enough?"

 "I guess. Though I feel a little bit complicated about it. Well, the third one was a girl."

 "Oh, it… I'm sorry about that…"

 If Lucy was a dead infant,

 As I think about it, I am horrified.

 "I'll just give birth to another. It's alright."

 However, Suzanne was quite open-minded.

 I wondered was it like that?

 If one could not make it and just give birth to another,

 I wondered if something like that could be easily thought.

 At least, I would not think so.

 Sylphiette had a body that could not be that easy to impregnate.

 Not only that,

 Speaking of her, her feelings would be more down than I, with tear-filled eyes she would say, [I am sorry- Rudi's baby- I did not manage to give birth properly, I am so sorry.]

 Oh, even just the thought pains my stomach.

 Stop.

 This is just an imagination.

 Lucy was born; Sylphiette is also healthy.

 This was not a dream.

 "Ara?"

 Suddenly, Suzanne looked behind me.

 "Mother."

 I turn to look; it's Zenith.

 With Lilia following from behind,

 "…"

 "Excuse me, Rudeus-sama."

 Zenith walked over with a dazed look, sat in a position beside my side,

 Where she can look at Lucy,

 "Mother. Today again, Lucy is quite healthy!"

 "…"

 There's no response from Zenith.

 But, she still keeps looking at Lucy.

 I felt ever since Zenith came into this home that she began to move more actively.

 She eats together if Norn is around.

 She also pulls weeds with Aisha.

 When I look at Lucy, she comes over here the same way she did.

 She also has different reactions towards Sylphiette and Roxy.

 Her expressions still had not changed; she is also unable to speak.

 However, she can move by herself.

 There was a change.

 Although it's little by little, she is still heading towards recovery.

 "…"

 "Akyawa! Kyan!"

 Zenith reaches out to Lucy.

 With a smiling face, Lucy held her hand.

 "Lucy, you sure love grandmother a lot."

 Initially, I was more wary.

 Zenith seems to have the so-called senile dementia,

 Possibly, she may cause harm to Lucy after a change of some sort of emotion.

 However, it was groundless.

 Zenith only stares at Lucy quietly.

 There were no negative feelings.

 Rather, she lets out an atmosphere of a grandmother who cares for her grandchild.

 Why should I worry whether Zenith will harm Lucy?

 In the first place, Zenith had never gone on a rampage.

 "Ahu—! Keke!"

 I wonder, did Lucy also know about it?

 Each time she interacted with Zenith, she was always smiling.

 Granddaughter and grandmother, it is a heart-warming sight.

 That said, there's no knowing what will happen based on Zenith's condition.

 Somehow, I did not feel anything would happen after seeing this sight. But at least, I did not know what would happen; I should not leave them out of sight.

 It was good for each other.

 Even without the intentions, accidents do happen.

 "…"

 Suddenly, Zenith raises her head.

 She is looking at me.

 I wonder what is wrong.

 It feels like she wants to say something.

 "Ah—Eh! Ah—Eh!"

 The next thing, Lucy starts to cry.

 "Madam, Zenith. If you'll excuse me."

 Lilia carries the baby away from Zenith slowly.

 Suzanne approaches her, and begins cradling Lucy after lifting her.

 At the same time, she checks the condition of the diaper and Lucy's back for rashes.

 And, she nods.

 "It's almost time for her breastfeeding."

 Has it been that late?

 To say, after Sylphiette breastfed her in the morning, it has been a long while.

 "Very well, I will excuse myself."

 "It's alright to stay and watch."

 Although Suzanne said that, I still refused.

 Even if she's someone I know, I shouldn't be looking at another wife's breasts.

 After all, Suzanne's breasts will never lose to Zenith and Lilia's size.

 Moreover, I did not know whether now is her milking period, her breasts seem to be much bigger.

 If I saw them, the Sennin from my heart will be awakened.

 Then I would be dripping saliva over Lilia.

 Sylphiette and Roxy will be disappointed.

 Indeed, it’s clear that their breasts couldn't win.

 But, I did not choose them because of their breasts.

 That kind of worry is needless.

 Saying about that, Zenith:

 Did she feel that Lucy was hungry?

 …Having the experience of bringing up two children, she might be able to feel that.

 Part 2

 I left the room.

 I am looking out the window, and it is raining, unfortunately.

 I am not sure about the time, but if it is breastfeeding time, it should be noon right now.

 I am just a little concerned about Lucy, and it has been a long day.

 But, I did not feel it is a waste of time.

 To me, this is a precious time.

 I go into another room.

 It's where I've prepared my research, a small room on the first floor.

 Recently the number of rooms had decreased as the number of family members increased; I had to make effective use of the remaining ones.

 But, for guest rooms, let’s just leave one.

 I walk towards the desk that was tailored to the room.

 Placed on the desk, there were my research reports and the magic stone.

 During this half of the year, I did not just play around with my sisters and daughter.

 I was also investigating things about the magic stone.

 From a hard fought battle with the Hydra, a magic stone that absorbs mana.

 This magic stone seems to look like a pale green scale.

 If it had no transparency, it would look like a piece of stone.

 When I studied the magic stone at the library, I found out a few things.

 Firstly, the name of the magic stone,

 It seems to be known as a [Mana Absorbing Stone].

 The stone was made from a Manatite Hydra's body, and has the ability to absorb mana from the surroundings.

 It seems to have gone extinct together with Manatite Hydra, it is now considered a phantasmal magic stone.

 Most dragon-type creatures seem to be able to generate magic stones inside their bodies.

 It would be like pearls, or maybe something like gallstones.

 The one that is on my magic staff, it was also generated from the body of a dragon-type serpent creature.

 There are various different types of effects, but basically they often involve affecting mana.

 It could amplify the mana or reduce the magic consumption cost, with the same mana you could demonstrate double the power.

 In other words, there is nothing strange about a magic stone that absorbs mana instead.

 The problem is the theory behind how it absorbs mana.

 This magic stone, if left alone, would not absorb mana.

 So then how could you make it absorb mana?

 I thought of some experiments and tried them.

 Then, surprisingly early in, I obtained some results:

 A "front and back" were present in this magic stone.

 They were difficult to see in appearance, but they were certainly there.

 If I placed my hand on the back and applied mana, the front would start absorbing mana.

 When that happened, a high-pitched sound would ring out.

 It was not automatically active, and could be manually turned on or off.

 If I was to try saying it, it'd be something like the suckers on an octopus tentacle.

 Apparently, that Hydra seems to activate the magic stone the moment it sees magic; any magic that flies toward it would then be rendered useless.

 Those are wonderful reflexes.

 But, that would be obvious, of course.

 For wild animals, their reflexes and vision are overwhelmingly better than humans are.

 Thinking of which, Ruijerd's stone—the thing on Supardia Tribe's heads, it should be the same kind of magic stone.

 After experimenting further, I found that apparently the magic stone seems to be [not necessarily absorbing mana].

 I released magic on myself: while raising the magic stone and shouting "Now!" I activated the effect. The mana I used was also not recovered.

 Rather, I feel like the same amount of mana I used to cast the released magic was drained from me again.

 Although there is much to investigate regarding this point, I tried to make a single hypothesis:

 Could it be that mana generated into the back of the stone transforms into [a canceling wave] through the front, effectively negating magic?

 I think, though it has an effect similar to Disturb Magic, its breakdown power is at a higher level.

 Of course, some things cannot be explained.

 For example, even though I tried hitting a doll I had created with the wave, it did not break.

 The doll is okay, yet the [Rock Bullets] are useless.

 I wonder what the difference is.

 After existing for such a long time, did the magic doll become unbreakable after the mana stabilized?

 …Hmmmm,

 It can't be helped, even if I try.

 I am not clear about what mana actually is in the first place.

 Yet more than the finer details, I want to prioritize thinking about how to use it or how to deal with it.

 While I was thinking, I carried out another experiment.

 I feel that by using this magic stone, it is something that can destroy things that Disturb Magic could not.

 So, for example, a [Magic Circle].

 I asked Cliff to help me with this experiment.

 The result: I was able to destroy every magic barrier that Cliff had drawn.

 Although the magic circle on the paper remained, as long as I trigger the stone, it seems to erase the magic without any problems.

 However, there was a magic circle in the Hydra's room:

 That blood colored magic circle.

 In addition, magic circles inside of magic tools can’t be erased, as well.

 Instead of being drawn, maybe both could be engraved?

 Let's just remember that under [things that can’t be dispelled].

 Anyway, most things are erased.

 So, even if I am trapped in a barrier, I could escape it on my own, as well.

 Of course, the most important thing is to avoid being trapped.

 By inserting it in the palm of [Zariff's Prosthetic Hand], it might be useful later.

 But, it would be difficult to use magic with the same hand…

 Part 3

 "Onii-chan. A guest has arrived."

 I was in my laboratory for a while; Aisha's face appeared.

 With a professional expression:

 "Who is it?"

 "It's Zanoba-sama."

 Zanoba, Julie and Ginger as well, I’m sure,

 Is there any problem?

 No. Not necessary to come over just because of something.

 He could also come over to play.

 "Ask them to wait in the living room."

 "Leave it to me."

 I stand up and say in a perfunctory manner.

 Speaking of Zanoba, his research is also progressing.

 It is the study of the automatic doll.

 Currently, he has finished researching the hand, and now is in the process of researching the foot.

 In the process, he made [Zariff's Prosthetic Leg], but it is still an unreliable product.

 About the leg, it has the same mechanism that my hand has.

 I also helped him to make a prototype.

 Zanoba came up with the blueprints, I made the model, and Cliff engraved the magic circles.

 The work consumed a lot of time and effort.

 It took nearly a month to make one.

 Although someday I want to sell prosthetic arms and legs, the production still has a long way to go.

 Well, after research on both hands and legs, Zanoba had begun conducting research on the doll’s body.

 He carefully had cut its body where the limbs joined, opened, and disassembled it from the inside.

 Then, inside the center of its chest, he told me he found a big magic stone.

 Red colored- a magic stone that has the same beautiful shape of a crystal,

 However, it was not a solid magic stone.

 Rather, a combination of small magic stones that has magic circles engraved on them.

 Without a doubt, this would be the core of the autonomous doll.

 If one can analyze the pattern that is written in this core,

 Then making the same thing is possible.

 And, by advancing research from there, it would make the dream Maid Robot.

 That said: Zanoba seemed to be stuck a little there.

 The contents of the pattern were too bizarre.

 Moreover, the related written contents on the old book had diagonal lines canceling them.

 In short, we saw that the maker of the automatic doll was still in the process of researching the core.

 As the current product was incomplete, we were also not clear about the maker's goal.

 Researching from here on would be extremely challenging.

 However, Zanoba said that this was fate; he had decided to do it all over again.

 I hoped he did his best.

 "Sorry to keep you waiting."

 I reached the living room; Zanoba who was sipping tea stands up.

 "Shisho, sorry to bother you!"

 So as to match Zanoba, Ginger and Julie, who were around the corner of the room, also bowed in silence.

 "Any business for today?"

 "Because we happened to be nearby, so I came with a greeting."

 So he came over to play.

 "Okay, please slowly take a seat."

 Although it was unusual of him, it was still nothing bad.

 While I was thinking, Julie approaches me.

 "Grandmaster, this one, it is finished."

 As she finishes saying that, she gives me a doll.

 It was the homework I gave her, a Ruijerd Doll's duplicate.

 "Well, you’ve improved. Continue this way, from now on."

 "Yes!"

 Julie bows cheerfully.

 While I was on a journey, the doll that Julie undertook, it was completed.

 The Ruijerd Doll, which Julie made, was not bad.

 Although she made it using my doll as the basis, still I have to admit that she did it better than me.

 There are no mistakes with the pose.

 Even for outsiders, it would look cool to them.

 After Norn sees it, she mutters in a low voice "I want." It is given to her as a present.

 Later, it would go on her shelves in her dormitory room.

 I see the success, and order Julie to mass-produce the accepted Ruijerd Doll.

 Although it takes time to make one, it is better to make it one-by-one, slowly.

 She is also going through magic training, and when it is time to sell one, there is no loss if there are a few.

 "Yesterday, Norn-Sensei, we met at school."

 "Oh, really, you met, what did you say?"

 "She thanked me, so I thanked her back."

 "I see, that's great."

 I pat Julie's head.

 Julie's body is a little rigid, but she still allows me to touch her obediently.

 So, recently Norn had also completed the book.

 Although she has started to practice sword training, Norn has never quit writing.

 The book story is short; the writing style, it looks rough,

 And there's only one story.

 It spoke about how Ruijerd fought for his lord, yet was betrayed and went off for revenge. It was all about the spear's story.

 But, it is enough to express his sorrow; and also the stubbornness of Ruijerd.

 With a little editing, it'll be enough to release it to the young ones.

 I read it to Julie, and it is the best to her.

 She persistently keeps asking me to read it again; in the end, I read it to her three more times.

 If Ginger did not stop her, I would be reading to her for the fourth time.

 I hear that no one read stories like that to Julie when she was small.

 The dwarven race did not have that kind of culture.

 Or should I say, both parents had no time to look after her,

 Well, either way, it's good.

 Due to that happening, I actually had wanted to find a chance to let Norn and Julie know each other, but they have already met.

 Being called as a sensei-whatever, sure gave Norn the shivers.

 No matter what, as long you get along, it’s good.

 Getting to know each other is the first step for a good relationship.

 Anyway, the image-improving plan of the Supard Race is progressing well.

 Research and training,

 Doing what can be done.

 Doing more than is required; I will be overloaded, indeed.

 One might say it's better to focus training on just one thing.

 But, I am afraid I don't have that kind of talent.

 It was true in the previous life, and it did not change, even now.

 There is always someone stronger.

 Indeed, it is possible to make the top in the academy, but there are even stronger ones out in the open world.

 There are talents which not even effort can surpass.

 But, it is not always necessary to win by force.

 It's okay to win in various turfs.

 If it is not possible to win by confronting, go for the sides.

 Although that's what I always thought,

 However, foes like the Manatite Hydra might still occur.

 Just in case of emergency, I need to have the strength to protect my family.

 But I am still not good at close quarters fighting.

 "Zanoba, do you want to look at Lucy?"

 "Oh! Your daughter!? Is that all right?"

 "Sure, why not?"

 "Oh yes! Although, I forget which country it is, but there’s a place with customs that does not allow children below the age of 5 to meet outsiders."

 "I prefer it; it's better to let her be blessed by all kinds of people."

 Well, for now, this is not the time to think that complicated.

 No matter what, just make sure every little thing in view is done.

 Every day: bodybuilding, magic practicing, doing research, and interacting with different kinds of people…

 I'm now beyond comparison with my previous life.

 The current situation for me is too damn good.

 So, there is nothing to be hasty about.

 If too hasty, it will blind you from the surroundings; and you fall sometimes when you are blind.

 Just like what happened that time with the Hydra,

 That's why for everything I do, I must put in effort.

 I wonder, what will be my next step?

 I have my prosthetic hand.

 Research is progressing.

 Get along with my wives.

 My sisters and daughter are healthy, as well.

 The resources at hand are still enough.

 And life is stable.

 …Now for the next thing:

 Time for Roxy to teach me Water King class magic.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 5

 "The Banchou loves small children."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
