Volume 14  6 — Water King Class

Volume 14 Chapter 6 - Water King Class

 

 Part 1

 Somewhere in the Magic University, lustful voices rang.

 "No, stop!"

 Outside of a storage that had been re-purposed by students as a gym locker.

 A young man grabs tight the hand of a girl with aqua hair.

 "Eh, say yes! Sensei, please?"

 "No means no!"

 But that girl refuses his advances.

 She shook her head.

 Even so, the boy refuses to quit.

 "Once, just once!"

 "I said no. Let go. Lunch break is over already."

 "Don't say that!"

 The boy lets go.

 The troubled girl searches her surroundings.

 Outside the gym locker, there are still a few students milling about.

 But they quietly turn away from the girl's pleading eyes.

 Why? Because that boy is too scary.

 He's the most well-known riff-raff of the area.

 So everyone thought,

 Even if I try to help, her fate is sealed.

 Not only that, but I too might experience something terrifying.

 Knowing that, there's not one person brave enough to help her.

 "Sensei, please reconsider. It won't feel bad for either of us. Well, first you might hate it a little, but it will feel better later on."

 "Well… True…"

 "If you do this favor, I'll do anything Sensei asks?"

 "Oh, but…"

 That boy's pursuit against the reluctant girl is relentless.

 Bunching closer to her, as if to whisper something to her.

 That motion makes her face flushed.

 Fiddling with her triple ponytail, she shyly droops her head.

 "The Student Council came!"

 Just then, the so-called [Most Handsome Man on Campus] has arrived.

 With a sunglass-wearing, white-haired girl behind him.

 "Kyaa! Luke-sama!"

 "It's 'Silent Fitts'!"

 Student Council members Luke and Fitts.

 "Luke-sama, you're so cool today too!"

 "Give me a hug~!"

 "Fitts-sama, you're looking cuter everyday."

 "Please show us your face!"

 With people cheering them on, the two approaches the boy and girl.

 "We received reports that Rudeus attacked another female student…"

 Luke sighs.

 The boy before him is the one called Rudeus, and the girl Roxy.

 Not a student, nor is there an attack.

 With the facts checked, he turns around and heads back the way he came.

 "Fitts, I'll leave the rest to you."

 "… Oh."

 Fitts nervously rubs her ear and nods.

 "Haa."

 After Luke left, Roxy sighs too.

 "Female student, huh?"

 "It can't be helped. Lots of people still don't realize that Roxy-sensei is a teacher yet."

 Rudeus nods in sympathy.

 "Eh? Sylphy, what's wrong?"

 He suddenly realizes Sylphy is wearing an unhappy expression.

 Slightly puffs a cheek.

 "Em, Rudi. Just because you're married, doesn't mean you can be so forceful. Girls have times when they don't want to too, you know?"

 "Eh? Yeah, sure I understand."

 "Well, even though Roxy-sensei might be better at it, I'm here for you too…"

 Fitts mumbling her words.

 "… Unless."

 Rudeus approaches Fitts visibly excited.

 He pokes Fitts's one puffed cheek.

 With the puffed cheek suppressed, but the other side puffs up.

 "Haha! Sylphy is jealous!"

 Rudeus hugs Fitts tightly.

 Not enough to put her completely at ease, but her anger is gone.

 "J-jealous, not even…!"

 "Don't worry, Sylphy. I don't plan to leave Sylphy out either."

 "Eh, what, then, you mean the 3 of us…?"

 Rudeus whispers in Fitts's ear.

 "That's right. Let's ask Roxy to teach us together."

 "Umm, Roxy will teach us?"

 "Of course, she knows it the best."

 Fitts glances to her side.

 Roxy instantly turns away.

 "I haven't agreed to it."

 "Don't say that. Fitts want to know too?"

 "B-but it's embarrassing…"

 From when Rudeus starts to hug her, Sylphy begins to fidget.

 Dressing as a boy.

 But with her sunglasses you can't read her mood, but she's probably already wet.

 "W-well, it's for Rudi's sake… okay?"

 "Sylphy!"

 Moved, Rudeus buries himself in her hair, enjoying its softness and sweet scent. His hug tightens.

 Losing herself in his firm biceps, Fitts lets herself go, ready for whatever.

 Too easy.

 Roxy looks at the scene with envy.

 Rudeus did not relent in Roxy's pursuit.

 "Why do you refuse? Don't tell me, Roxy hates me?"

 Rudeus says, looking hurt. Roxy rushes to answer.

 "No, not even! I like Rudi the most. Love, I love you!"

 "Then, why?"

 "Well, if I taught you, then I don't have anything I can beat Rudi in anymore…"

 "Who cares about winning. Roxy's existence alone is greater than I!"

 "Hey, Rudi. Now that you mentioned it, I'm not as great as you think. I'm just petty and scared that my student will surpass me."

 "It's fine. Even your pettiness, I think it's great!"

 "Basically, learning this might take a few months? Well, Rudi and Sylphy are more talented than I am, so maybe a little faster…"

 Just now, Fitts realized she might have misunderstood something.

 Coming back to her senses, she asks her man.

 "Em, sorry, Rudi. What are we talking about?"

 To Sylphy's question, Rudeus replies.

 "Ah. I was asking Roxy to teach me Water King-class Magic."

 So that's what it was.

 Part 2

 --- Rudeus's POV ---

 Bicycle of youth.

 As in when an adolescent boy and girl ride a bike together.

 The boy busy pedaling with a girl riding behind.

 Sitting side straddle on the back rack, gripping tightly to the boy's waist, while trying to subtly keep their distance.

 Occasionally the roles are reversed too.

 Eventually riding like that together, they arrive at a riverbed colored red by sunset.

 The crimson sun concealing their flush cheeks.

 Right now, my situation is something similar.

 Even though the sun still hangs high.

 But before my eyes I can see Sylphy's nape.

 Just sticking my nose out a bit, I can enjoy to my heart's content of Sylphy's sweet scent.

 I wrap my arm around Sylphy's waist, crossing near her tummy.

 Keeping her upper half wrapped tight.

 Sylphy's beating heart can be clearly heard from her bosom.

 How wonderful.

 By the way, I kept our lower halves subtly distant.

 The reason should be obvious.

 Even a wife deserves some propriety.

 Also, harassing a busy driver is just begging for accidents to happen, so I have heard in my previous life.

 "Matsukaze is such a good horse. Obedient, trustworthy, and strong too!"

 A voice from Sylphy's front.

 I look over her shoulder and see aqua covered head.

 Roxy.

 She sits in front of Sylphy.

 "That's right. Such a great horse is truly rare."

 Comfortably we're riding a single horse together.

 Roxy in the front, Sylphy and I in the back.

 The pet least cared for by the family, Matsukaze trots ahead, completely unhindered by the three it carries on its back.

 "If I remember correctly, Ginger picked him out. That person really knows her horses."

 "Does Sylphy know a lot about horses?"

 "Ah, no, not really. But I have seen in Asura palace the one they claimed as the best horse of the land. The one ridden by Knight Captain-san."

 "Then it must be really great."

 As soon as I said that, Matsukaze neighs loudly.

 "Ah, sorry. You're great too. Only to be expected of Greyrat House's horse."

 Roxy busies herself to comfort Matsukaze.

 Does this horse understand human speech?

 Or rather, does Roxy know horse?

 No, no matter what kind of pet, if you talk with it everyday, you can read them eventually.

 Aisha seems to talk with Jirou often.

 "But sitting in the front at my age is kind of embarrassing."

 Roxy has a habit of hiding her blushing face during physical contact.

 She probably feels like riding in a baby seat, for riding in front of the one holding the reins.

 "Maybe I should ride Jirou instead."

 "Not allowed. Saying that, are you trying to make a run for it again?"

 "I'm not a little kid. I won't run."

 While listening to my wives' friendly banter, I take in my surroundings.

 We're on the outskirts.

 On the right a pretty little creek, and on the left an expansive empty field and forest.

 Even though we're so far up North, there is plenty of green this season.

 Just now we can see fields of taro and wheat, but now there's only vast wilderness.

 We didn't plan on how far we're going, just somewhere without many people.

 Fish in the creek dancing under the sun.

 A tributary of the major river next to Sharia.

 Even though this isn't very far off, but fishing here on a nice day should feel quite nice.

 Well, I actually never fished before.

 "Now that it's decided, I plan to teach properly."

 It has to be here.

 After Roxy finally relented, she made that condition.

 "The spell I'll teach is Water King Magic [Lightning]."

 Roxy looks a little reluctant.

 Sylphy and I nudge ourselves against her shoulders.

 So Lightning, huh?

 From the name alone, it sounds like the lightning magic we often think of.

 Well, thinking about it, Lightning Magic doesn't seem to exist in this world.

 And King Class too.

 Must be some awe-inspiring magic.

 "Okay, here should be fine."

 Arrived at some point, Roxy jumps down off the horse.

 She ties Matsukaze to a tree roughly the width of my thigh.

 How nostalgic.

 I learned Water Saint Magic in a place like this, with a horse tied like this.

 "Sensei, do you still remember Kalajav?"

 "Ah. Paul-san's horse. How nostalgic…"

 Roxy says, her eyes off to a distance.

 I was 5 back then.

 12 years have passed already.

 I learned many things since then, but it's finally time to reach King Rank.

 Feels like I took a very long detour.

 Ah.

 That time our horse almost died by lightning.

 It survived barely, but dying from that wouldn't be at all strange.

 Roxy might have forgotten about it already, but just to be safe.

 "It's safe this time, right?"

 "It's safe. But you should cover Matsukaze up, so he won't catch a cold."

 "Got it."

 Following her instruction, I build an earth fortress for Matsukaze.

 Matsukaze did not object, but hid himself inside it.

 "Then, should I keep my distance too?"

 "No, it's fine. I can only do it once, so watch carefully."

 Sylphy and Roxy wear their raincoats as they talk.

 We were soaked during Saint Class too.

 If it rains, then those are obviously necessary, so we brought some along.

 "All set?"

 "Okay."

 "Got it."

 Roxy nods and points to a far away tree.

 A huge tree.

 Even far away, it's obvious how wide it is.

 "I will target that tree over there. I can only do it once, so please watch carefully."

 "Okay."

 Roxy nods to me and takes a deep breath.

 "Phew… Haa…"

 Roxy holds up her staff, closes her eyes, and concentrates.

 The preparation time is unusually long for her.

 Saint Class was right away, but King Class must be different.

 "Phew…"

 If someone used Magic Power Eyes to observe Roxy, they could probably see the magic gathering.

 Roxy stayed like that for a while.

 And a little later, suddenly says.

 "Then, I'll begin."

 I hold my breath.

 Roxy sticks her staff on the ground.

 Her left hand holding the shaft, her right holding its magic stone.

 Then, reciting each line diligently, she begins incantation.

 "Oh great water spirit, the son of the lightning emperor who ascended to the skies!! Fulfill my wishes, rain down your ferocious blessings, and show me your strength to this tiny existence! Let your godly hammer strike the anvil, and demonstrate your authority, and devour the earth with water!!"

 Something's off.

 No, this isn't right.

 "Ah, the rain!! Destroy and wash everything away!"

 Suddenly dark clouds cover the sky, turning pitch black.

 And immediately rain begins to pour down.

 Blustery wind blows, and I was soaked instantly.

 Electric flashes cover the sky, soon to become lightning.

 But this is merely Water Saint Magic [Cumulonimbus].

 "Oh great light spirit, help the lightning emperor in the sky!"

 Right when I was thinking.

 Roxy continues the incantation.

 "Had you not seen that stands on the ground! Rising arrogantly against the emperor! As sword of the thunder god, strike him down! Let your power shine, show the wrath of his majesty!"

 The clouds shrink with every line.

 Those dark clouds tightly gather in a single point.

 Squeezed tightly, as if struggling the dark clouds let out flashes of light.

 Soon after it reaches the size of a pea…

 "[Lightning]!"

 A beam of light reaches up to the sky.

 Or rather.

 From the compressed cloud, the beam strikes the ground.

 Lightning strikes.

 Bang!

 With a slight delay the thunder roars.

 From the corner of my eyes, I spy Sylphy covering her ears and wrinkles her face.

 I can only watch in awe.

 "…"

 Lost for words.

 Speechless.

 Unconsciously my clenched fist trembles.

 I swallow my spit.

 After the thunder, nothing remains.

 The dark clouds covering the sky.

 The pouring rain cleansing the earth.

 And the lightning bright as day.

 And that grand tree off to a distance.

 Gone, all gone.

 Clear skies.

 Only wet ground remains from the rain.

 Only charcoal remains from what was once a tree.

 "Ha…"

 Roxy staggers a step.

 Her staff fell, and she fell forward as well.

 I rush to catch her.

 "Are you alright?"

 "It's done. At my magic power, even with my staff I can only do this once… More importantly, [Lightning], did you see it?"

 "Yes, Sensei."

 I saw it.

 I definitely saw it.

 I memorized the whole incantation.

 "Can you do it?"

 "Let me try!"

 I left Roxy in Sylphy's care and held up my staff.

 Arrogant Water Dragon.

 Since I was 10 years old, she has been my partner through thick and thin.

 Perhaps even without it I might be able to do this.

 But I raised it anyways.

 I recall the scene just now.

 And towards the sky I shout.

 "Oh great water spirit, the son of the lightning emperor who ascended to the skies!! Fulfill my wishes, rain down your ferocious blessings, and show me your strength to this tiny existence! Let your godly hammer strike the anvil, and demonstrate your authority, and devour the earth with water!! Ah, the rain!! Destroy and wash everything away!"

 Terrifying magic power flows through the staff in my hand and shoots to the clouds.

 Forming as a thundercloud, magic begins to rage.

 For [Cumulonimbus], just this is enough.

 But I can't stop yet.

 If I stop now, compressing it might prove impossible.

 So before the magic stabilizes, I move to the next step.

 "Had you not seen that stands on the ground! Rising arrogantly against the emperor! As sword of the thunder god, strike him down! Let your power shine, show the wrath of his majesty!"

 With every word, magic rages ever more.

 I forcefully, desperately push further.

 A show of force.

 This magic requires control.

 Until now, I never needed to force such level of control in a spell before.

 It might fail.

 No.

 I did it before.

 I remember this feeling.

 The same feeling as a high power Stone Cannon.

 A moment of clarity.

 Control immediately becomes easier.

 "[Lightning]!"

 The moment that the incantation finishes.

 I feel a hole open underneath the compressed magic.

 And magic power pours down.

 Bang!

 … It lands.

 A great lighting strikes.

 Without target.

 But, it indeed lands where I was aiming for.

 "…"

 Then, nothing remains.

 The clouds in the sky has disappeared.

 Only a beautiful open sky remains.

 The ground is wet by the rain.

 And their raincoats cover in water drops.

 Only a shadow burn in the back of my eyes, and ringing in my ears.

 Success.

 "… Amazing!"

 Behind me Sylphy's shock can be heard.

 I became a Water-King Magician.

 Part 3

 "I feel a little frustrated."

 On the way back, Sylphy said.

 After I succeed, Sylphy tried as well.

 After a failure, she succeeded in casting Water Saint Magic [Cumulonimbus].

 But [Lightning] failed.

 Failed, and she also depleted her magic power.

 Looks like magic compression is extremely difficult.

 I can do it, probably because I happen to have always been using it.

 But Sylphy is clever, so I think she'll figure it out in a few tries.

 "I still fail one out of five attempts."

 Roxy said that to comfort Sylphy.

 Even though it was easy for me, I think Sylphy's failure helped Roxy keep face…

 From this, it seems that Sylphy's magic power exceeds Roxy.

 Probably because she practiced so frequently as a young child.

 But Roxy's magic power is by no means low either.

 "Rudi did it on his first try. That's amazing!"

 "Yeah, I thought it might be possible. But with such ease, I feel a little lost."

 "…"

 I don't know how to respond.

 Indeed I have been practicing magic since 2 or 3, and worked hard to increase my magic capacity.

 But even though, to reach this level, I have to chock up to my special constitution too.

 I made effort, but I feel like I cheated somehow.

 Thus, I don't know how to join the conversation.

 No matter what, bringing my two exhausted wives home safely is my job.

 And I should massage their shoulders when I get back.

 No sexy time with them today.

 They're tired.

 "Ah, Rudi, look! It's so pretty!"

 I look towards the western sky where Sylphy is pointing, where the crimson sun sets,

 That kind of natural beauty is the same in any world.

 "Ahh, how pretty."

 No, you're prettier. I should be saying.

 "Phew…"

 Sylphy is tired too, she leans lightly against my body.

 We should be home before night fall, but I should stay vigilant.

 Right now, neither of them can use magic.

 If a magic beast appears, I'll protect them.

 So pay attention to my surroundings.

 "… Recently, sometimes I wonder if this is a dream."

 Roxy suddenly said.

 Sylphy tilts her head in confusion.

 "Dream?"

 "Erm. Whether I'm still trapped in that Labyrinth, a sweet dream before I die, like that."

 I stay on guard as I listen in on their conversations.

 Those two chat slowly, with exhausted voices.

 "The past half year has been wonderful. Married, becoming a teacher like I wished for. Even if Sylphy considered me just an hindrance, the three of us riding together like this, I can't help but feel blessed."

 A hindrance, when she said that, Sylphy shudders a little.

 "Eh? Hindrance? That's impossible. I'm happy to live at peace with Roxy. If Roxy wanted to take Rudi away, I don't think I can win."

 Sylphy said without an ounce of confidence, because of that, I tighten my hug.

 With one hand at the rein, as if to tell me "I know" she caress mine with her other.

 "In my view, I was just lucky to meet Rudi when he was still young… If not, Rudi probably wouldn't even look at me."

 "That's not…"

 "If I hadn't met Rudi, I wouldn't be alive right now."

 If I hadn't met Roxy and Sylphy when I was young.

 What kind of life would I be living right now?

 At least, without meeting Roxy, I might still be a shut-in right now.

 If I never left, I would not have met Sylphy. After the Metastasis event, would I have survived the Magic Continent?

 If I never met Sylphy.

 Then I wouldn't have headed to Fortress City Roa.

 Then I wouldn't have met Eris and Ghyslaine either.

 But I might have gone to school.

 On the magic side, sooner or later I would hit a bottle neck, and request to attend the Magic University at Sharia.

 Maybe under different circumstances, Paul wouldn't demand that I wait until 12, and okay it right away.

 But, Sylphy won't be there. Not even if I waited.

 Perhaps I would still befriend Pursena and Rinia, and eventually even become lovers.

 Then, after graduation head to the Great Forest to live with the Beast Race.

 No, after the Metastasis Event happens, I probably would head back to Asura.

 But I got a feeling that I'll still meet them eventually, and reunite with them.

 In Science Fiction this would be called Cause and Effect.

 In other words, fate.

 Destiny.

 "…"

 I reach out my hands and hug Roxy and Sylphy together.

 "Rudi…"

 What has happened.

 What hasn't happened.

 What's important right now is just to cherish these two.

 In the setting sun, we head home.

 Part 4

 After coming home, I attempt to summarize Water King Magic.

 [Lightning].

 The logic behind this magic is fairly simple.

 Pour enormous amount of magic into the sky, then compress it, and strike a designated spot.

 That's it.

 Make cloud, get lightning.

 With that consideration, [Cumulonimbus] and [Lightning] are two spells of the same vein.

 Strength-wise it's the strongest spell in my arsenal.

 Concentrate the most magic consuming spell I know, [Cumulonimbus], into a single point.

 In destructive power, it might even exceed Stone Cannon.

 With this much power, without a doubt it'll come in handy in the future.

 Even though it's called "Lightning," fundamentally it's magic compression.

 Perhaps other King Ranked magics operate under similar principles.

 Regardless of what, as long as I recite an incantation once, thereafter I can always use voiceless incantation for it.

 Next time, I should try to shorten the time from [Cumulonimbus] to lightning strike.

 But even with practice, there might not be an opportunity to use it.

 As a single target spell, Stone Cannon should be plenty.

 [Lightning] might be OVER KILL.

 Let's weaken it slightly.

 With that thought I try out various tactics, and incidentally created an electric current.

 I can use voiceless incantation to form a miniature thundercloud, compress, and designate a target for [Lightning], and strike.

 Perhaps the voltage is too low, its power is visibly weakened.

 I don't really understand the principles, but just as well.

 It might be weak, but when it flew off my hand, I still zapped myself.

 Oh well, I won't die.

 At worst I just feel numb for a bit.

 This kind of magic can cause self-harm, so it won't do much in an emergency.

 But, a little more practice.

 Disabling an opponent is an useful skill to have.

 Electric strike is hard to avoid.

 And the electricity numbs the nervous system, so it might come in handy against people that wear touki.

 I don't have a test subject right now, but if Badigadi ever come back, I'll ask him to help test this out.

 Maybe it can become my trump card one day.

 By the way, even though it was already named [Lightning].

 To distinguish this, I gave it a new name [Electric].

 I learned some awesome magic today.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 6

 "The Bancho is a monster."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
