Volume 14  7 — Marriage Ceremony

Volume 14 Chapter 7 - Marriage Ceremony

 

 Part 1

 The night I became Water-King Rank.

 That night, I planned to sleep alone.

 Since Roxy and Sylphy were both exhausted and in no mood for those things.

 I was a little tired myself, but together I definitely won't be able to control myself, so I ended up sleeping in another room.

 Hearing that, Aisha volunteered "Onii-chan come sleep with me!"

 Even now this happens rather often.

 I never initiated myself, but if she asks I won't refuse either.

 Thus, I got permission to sleep with her.

 Of course, there's no plan for perverted stuff tonight.

 Coincidentally, Norn was home that night, she even looked a little jealous.

 But Norn is Norn.

 Even if I asked she would definitely refuse.

 Despite thinking that.

 Before I told Aisha okay, I tried to offer Norn as well.

 For some reason, she actually said yes! Thus the three of us ended up sleeping in a row.

 Aisha to my right; Norn to my left.

 The two of them sleeping quietly in my arm pillows.

 Even though I am stuck in between and can't even budge, I can't help but feel covered in happiness.

 Like I'm completely stuffed by something unknown.

 As they say, you need two wings to fly.

 Suddenly a shot of inspiration hit me.

 [I want to do this with Sylphy and Roxy.]

 A devil's temptation.

 The snake of desire begins to rear its head and flicks its disgusting tongue.

 No, I have to stop myself.

 The legendary ménage à trois.

 I have been interested for a long time now.

 But actually asking them feels impossible.

 Even though I said I will love them both together, but doing it, obviously only one at a time.

 Sylphy and Roxy must have assumed the same.

 It'd be great if they were okay with it.

 But it'd be terrible if my petty desires end up destroying this peaceful life.

 It makes me anxious.

 Besides, it's not like I don't feel satisfied with the current situation.

 To have two once-in-a-generation beauties to myself.

 And one even gave me a daughter.

 But I still want to try it once.

 Because they're different types.

 Sylphy is submissive.

 She does everything I ask.

 I say this, and she'll be embarrassed, but nod.

 I say that, and even with fear in her eyes, she won't refuse.

 Even so, she's not like a dead fish in bed either. Her reactions are wonderful, and would desperately cling on to me.

 All for me.

 How endearing.

 In comparison, Roxy is the technique type.

 She will often seek her Shisho (Elinalise) for guidance, wisdom to improve her talents.

 I say this, and she'll consider how to improve upon it.

 I say that, and she'll offer an alternative.

 Even though there's a difference in stamina, her effort and hard work are more than enough to overcome that.

 All for me.

 How endearing.

 Sylphy is the accept everything unconditionally type.

 Roxy is the research and improve type.

 I don't plan to measure them against each other.

 Even if, while maintaining this current life, my feelings start leaning towards one side, I don't plan to neglect the other.

 I will do everything to treat them equally.

 Right. Equally.

 And if I say I want to treat them equally at the same time, is that really unreasonable?

 No, it shouldn't be.

 At least once, that's the heart of man.

 All men are weak to the desires of the flesh.

 But, I can't say it.

 Leaving selfish desires at the door, that's the secret of maintaining amicable relationships.

 Thus, even though 3P is constantly on my mind these days, that's as far as it goes.

 I won't say it in the future either.

 At least that's what I thought.

 Part 2

 Next day. I came to Cliff's research lab.

 Cliff is currently researching magic tools.

 Research for removing curses.

 I put my ear at the door to listen.

 In case noise can be heard, I will refrain.

 Confirmed that it's safe, I knocked on the door.

 "Come in, it's not locked."

 I head in and see Elinalise sitting on the windowsill.

 Her gorgeous hair of natural curls droop down, her eyes peering out the window.

 Just as always, when silent she's a piece of art.

 But, she's probably thinking something perverted as usual.

 "Just yourself?"

 "Yeah."

 Cliff has been busy recently, but with research.

 Recently he has been considering the use of the magic absorbing stones to improve existing tools.

 But not much progress has been made in the past months.

 "Cliff, is also making preparations for the wedding ceremony today?"

 That's right.

 Cliff and Elinalise are getting married.

 "Even though I want to help, he said it must be done by him alone."

 "That's a man's pride, so please forgive him."

 Getting married once she comes home.

 Cliff made that promise.

 But by the time we got back, Cliff hadn't gotten anything ready.

 It can't be helped.

 We said two years before we left.

 And we came back in half a year.

 It would be strange if he was ready.

 But Cliff is a man who keeps his promises.

 Showing shocking tenacity, he has been making preparations in the past months.

 A place to live, furnitures, all the basics.

 I tried to help too.

 But in the end, all I did was help with finding a place.

 Unlike me, he didn't plan to buy a big place.

 Just a rented apartment on student street.

 He said that if it ever becomes too small, then it's time to move.

 Awfully humble for the usually showy Cliff.

 But it's not like Cliff is short of money.

 All the furnitures he bought are top class. Even if it was an issue, Elinalise would have helped.

 I'm well aware of how loaded Elinalise is.

 "In any case, congratulations!"

 Next month is the wedding.

 Calling Elinalise a newlywed might be pushing it, but as long as they're happy, it'll definitely be a wonderful ceremony.

 "Anyways, just wait a bit until Cliff gets back."

 "Okay."

 With that I sit down on a chair.

 Elinalise has yet to turn around despite her replies.

 Then, a long sigh.

 "Ha…"

 So she has stuff on her mind she wants to share.

 A sigh from Elinalise loud enough to be heard.

 "Are you not satisfied with the wedding?"

 "No, of course not. Cliff is so sincere. He's almost too good for me. No way I would be unsatisfied."

 True.

 Even as a man, I can tell Cliff's sincerity.

 Of course, he's not perfect.

 In fact, he has a lot of flaws.

 But Cliff is barely 20.

 Looking forward to the future, he'll definitely become someone exceptional.

 "Then, Elinalise-san, why do you sigh?"

 "Do you need to ask?"

 "I don't?"

 Oh, bedroom stuff.

 "Recently Cliff has been so busy that we can only do it once every three days!"

 See, I knew it.

 "But it can't be helped. Hasn't Cliff been working hard for Elinalise's sake?"

 "Em, of course I know."

 "Once your love nest is built, you two won't be leaving for a week anyways."

 After the trip, Elinalise and Cliff hunkered down in this lab for quite a while.

 It makes one think whether they're only fulfilling their bodily desires.

 Well, I'm not one to talk.

 It can't be helped.

 I love sexy time.

 "Ha, I'm so jealous of Rudeus."

 "But even I have three day breaks sometimes."

 "But you can do it with Sylphy and Roxy together, right? Even though I'm satisfied with Cliff alone, but I'm jealous that you can have two at once."

 Of course I object to her suggestion.

 "No no no. Ménage à trois never even crossed my mind."

 "Eh, never? The more the merrier. Don't you even want to try at least once?"

 Bad.

 A devil's temptation.

 I must not listen.

 Be gone! Mara! Amen!

 "Ménage à trois is just too shameless. Only in Elinalise-san's vocabulary does that even exist."

 "I don't think Sylphy and Roxy will mind?"

 "Liar! It'll destroy our relationship!"

 "True. In some ways Roxy is still pure. If you pop the question out of the blue, you might scare her off."

 "See! I told you!"

 Right.

 That'll definitely happen.

 Sylphy is submissive, and she'll do everything I ask.

 I don't know what she'll think, but she'll at least hear me out.

 Somehow feels like a sacrificial lamb.

 But Roxy is different.

 She's still a maiden at heart.

 If I push for ménage à trois too hard, she might reply [I'm done. I'm going back to mom's.] Then what?

 "Ah, how about…"

 Elinalise suddenly has the appearance of a guardian angel, in a trustworthy voice.

 "I lay the ground works for you?"

 Groundwork!

 Of course!

 It can't be out of the blue.

 Since Roxy is already receiving guidance from Elinalise already.

 If she subtly mix in some multiplayer information.

 And nonchalantly mention it to Sylphy.

 Then without worries, we can do this without tripping up!

 "Elinalise-san!"

 I can almost see a halo around her.

 Right there I bow my head down.

 On the way down, I can hear Elinalise's cheerful voice.

 "Ara ara. What should I do? I get nothing out of this."

 "Oh."

 So she has demands.

 Terrible woman.

 But I'm a goner.

 Already I'm dancing in the hand of the devil.

 Like dangling a carrot in front of a horse.

 "What, do I, have to, do?"

 I raise my head, Elinalise with a wicked smile.

 What a disgusting smile.

 Even I won't make such a disgusting smile.

 Probably.

 "I recall that you should still have some of Asura Kingdom's treasured aphrodisiac."

 "Ah, indeed. Still there."

 "Then, give them to me?"

 Asura Kingdom's treasured aphrodisiacs.

 The ones I got from Luke, those aphrodisiacs.

 Honestly, I never have a chance to use them.

 My stamina and vigor already exceed those two, using that I might actually break them.

 And I can't make them drink it either.

 I was troubled by how to dispose of them.

 "What for?"

 "Honeymoon with Cliff."

 "Is that even necessary?"

 "I want Cliff like a beast for our wedding night."

 Why is Elinalise so sincere when it comes to sex?

 I think she's demanding too much out of Cliff.

 "Elinalise-san, have you considered that Cliff would hate it if you're too demanding?"

 "Never. If he hated that, then we won't work out in the first place."

 "Never consider meeting him half way?"

 "Even if I do, sooner or later things will fall apart. If so, I should just be myself from the start."

 As expected of Elinalise.

 Thinking carefully, never once did Cliff try to change himself for Elinalise's sake.

 Well there's bedroom stuff, but I don't think he feels forced.

 Feels like they're just satisfying each other's desires.

 I'm a little jealous.

 "I got it. I'll bring them next time."

 "Thanks. Ah, a drugged Cliff that lost any self control, Ahh…"

 Lost in her fantasies, Elinalise's drooling.

 Well, em.

 As long as it deepens their relationship.

 Part 3

 A month later.

 Saint Milis Church.

 The only church in all of Magic City Sharia.

 A foreboding solemn atmosphere like a Catholic church.

 Lined with simple pews, a Milis Church symbol shines under the light shining through clear window glass.

 In front of the church symbol stands a priest.

 The priest currently offering to God a solemn prayer.

 "Saint Milis forever watch over us."

 A man and woman stands side-by-side before the priest.

 Both dressed in white.

 Behind them, some twenty-some guests watching over them.

 "-- When a person appears to separate them, Saint Milis will shield them.

 -- When a person appears to harm them, Saint Milis will condemn him by the sword.

 -- If their love is to become false, Saint Milis will come down from heaven and scorch them."

 I'm also a guest.

 Dressed in Ranoa Kingdom formal suit and standing at the head of the pack.

 Sylphy to my right; Roxy to my left.

 Both of them wearing tidy dresses.

 Because none of us actually own suit or dresses, we end up buying new ones.

 They'll see uses after today, so it doesn't hurt to be prepared.

 Ariel and Luke stand beside Sylphy, wearing expensive-looking formal wears.

 Behind us are dignitaries like Zanoba, Pursena, and Rinia.

 And after them Julie and Ariel's other two attendants.

 I can't see from here, but Norn and Aisha should be here as well.

 They're wearing dresses also, but theirs are rented.

 They're still growing, so I told them it's too soon to buy for them. They reluctantly agreed.

 There are others here I don't recognize.

 By the way, Nanahoshi is absent.

 Milis Church weddings seem to seat guests by social status.

 The closest are the high dignitaries and the newlywed's confidants.

 Ariel naturally belongs here.

 Sylphy is Elinalise's only relative.

 As her husband, that means I'm here also.

 Her attendant, so to speak.

 But standing up front feels rather particularly forbidding.

 Of course, the one who feels it the hardest should be Roxy.

 As so-called second wife, her existence is an affront to the Church.

 Perhaps as a result, Roxy has been rigid from the start.

 But Luke said there are many nobility of the Milis faith in Asura Kingdom that nevertheless ignored the one-husband, one-wife command, so don't worry too much about it.

 "The husband, Cliff Grimoire, do you solemnly swear to love Elinalise Dragonroad for the rest of your life?"

 "I promise to love Elinalise Dragonroad until the day I die."

 That sounds familiar.

 Is that necessary even for the Milis faith?

 Well, Cliff's words hold weight.

 He will definitely fulfill his vows.

 Elinalise will be the only one in this life.

 Even I would yearn for that manliness.

 Well, I couldn't.

 "The wife, Elinalise Dragonroad, do you solemnly swear to love Cliff Grimoire for the rest of your life?"

 "I swear my love for Cliff will never change."

 Elinalise's too.

 But will she?

 Well, that curse remains.

 And life span poises a problem.

 Cliff will go first, and afterwards Elinalise will probably move on.

 But I probably shouldn't say rude thoughts like this.

 Yeah.

 Still, Elinalise who entered the the Magic University to have sex with 15 year old kids, getting married, huh?

 Life sure has its ups and downs.

 "Now, let the groom place on the bride the necklace of Milis."

 Cliff receives a necklace from the priest.

 On it hangs many various decorations.

 An ornamental necklace known as [Necklace of Milis.]

 A replica of one actually worn by Saint Milis.

 A requirement for every Milis church.

 "Eli, lower your head a little."

 "Ah. Sorry."

 I can hear their whispers.

 Elinalise bends down, and Cliff tips his toes to put the necklace on her.

 It's kind of embarrassing.

 Cliff isn't very tall.

 "Bride, please grant the husband a kiss of oath."

 "Yes."

 Carefully Elinalise bends down and kisses Cliff on his forehead.

 Not the lips, forehead.

 This ceremony seems to originate from a Saint Milis legend.

 Once upon a time, before heading to certain death, he gave a necklace to his most beloved one.

 The most beloved one kissed Saint Milis on his forehead, and wished for his return.

 When Saint Milis was in dire straits, the most beloved one offered that necklace to God.

 God, touched by the exquisite necklace and the most beloved one's love, saved Saint Milis.

 That was the legend.

 Discerning fact and fiction in this world is difficult.

 So that might have really happened.

 "God! Please grant these two eternal happiness and prosperity!"

 At that moment, the staff on the priest's hand shone a dazzling light.

 It bathed the church in white.

 The bride and groom become a single silhouette. Their white dresses give an illusion swallowed by the light.

 A scene the stuff of dreams.

 But to me that can only think of [Ah, that staff is a magic tool too] it was a little lackluster.

 Part 4

 The newlyweds left with the guests looking on.

 The wedding ceremony has thus ended.

 In essence, they're there to show their proof of love to God, and we're merely there as witnesses.

 No reception or after party either.

 I guess for royalties it might be different, but unfortunately Cliff isn't one.

 But if Badigadi were here, he'd definitely yell loudly for an after party.

 I was in the mood for one right now too.

 It's a time worth cerebrating.

 "So cool!"

 "The bride looks so pretty!"

 Aisha and Norn seem excited by the wedding ceremony.

 From the start, they were busy exchanging their thoughts about the wedding.

 Right now, you can't even tell how they usually don't get along.

 But recently, they haven't fought much either.

 They're on surprisingly good terms with each other.

 "A Milis wedding is so dazzling!"

 "I want to wear that one day!"

 The two girls yapping among themselves.

 Norn will probably find someone one day and wear that white dress.

 That someone will be such a lucky man.

 My wedding present? A punch to the face.

 And Aisha?

 I can't imagine her married.

 Somehow, she gives the impression of a career maid.

 "I guess girls really do yearn for that?"

 I ask Sylphy besides me.

 "Oh. But it's not like I was unsatisfied. I thought ours were really heartfelt too."

 Sylphy said with a smile.

 Of course if she wanted it, I could have done the same.

 But since I'm not of Milis faith, it's more of an act.

 I can always go down on my knees and beg Milis to act as the priest.

 Kneeling for women is the honor of men.

 No matter how many times I have to kneel.

 "…"

 Suddenly I feel a tug on my left sleeve.

 I turn around to find Roxy looking straight at me.

 Her beautiful face, lightly covered in make up.

 A faint redness cover her cheeks.

 "… Roxy wants a wedding reception too?"

 Roxy hasn't had her reception yet.

 Part of it was due to Paul's vigil.

 The Migurd Race doesn't have any practices of wedding reception either.

 That's why Roxy herself said it was unnecessary.

 But seeing this scene, she probably has a change of mind.

 "No, it's fine. But… you know?"

 With that said, Roxy closes her eyes, puckers out her lips and "Mm."

 Before my eyes a beautiful girl waits with her eyes shut.

 So this is having something handed to you on a platter.

 Bon appetit.

 I grab Roxy by her shoulders, and kiss her on her forehead.

 "Eh?"

 "Excuse me. It's a beautiful forehead."

 "Oh, really… Haha."

 Roxy looks a little flustered.

 Because she was kissed at a different place than expected.

 But, she hasn't started laughing herself silly either.

 Too easy.

 But that is a nice point too.

 Alright, it's decided. Tonight I'll have Roxy.

 "Ah, Rudi. Me too, me too."

 Sylphy leans on my right with the same request.

 Of course I have no reason to refuse her.

 No reason to hesitate when it comes to kissing pretty girls on their foreheads.

 "Ehehe…"

 Even though it was her own suggestion, she still laughs anyways.

 Ah, Sylphy is so cute.

 What do I do. I want to hug Sylphy.

 But I also want to hug Roxy.

 Can I hug them both?

 Will Elinalise come through?

 I think it should be fine now.

 The aphrodisiacs are already hers.

 I'll ask her next time.

 "… Nii-san. In this place, can you hold back a little?"

 Norn begins to complain as soon as my perverted face begins to show.

 It says on her face, I'm so happy after seeing such a nice ceremony now don't go ruining it, that kind of face.

 So watching her relations flirting like this is no good?

 Also, doing it with two might have been pushing it.

 "It can't be helped."

 "Ah! Hold on, stop!"

 I pick up Norn and kiss her on the forehead as well.

 Her face bright red as she tries desperately to scrub off her forehead.

 How nice.

 "…"

 Aisha looks with a face of envy.

 Written on her face: I want it? Can I? What if I was refused? those feelings are there.

 Of course, there's no reason to worry at all.

 "Aisha!"

 With open arms and a face of grace (in my opinion) I face her.

 "Onii-chan!"

 Her face gleaming, she runs over.

 I pucker her forehead, and she clings on me like a cat.

 Come, rest in my arms.

 But even her legs wrapped around me is a bit too much.

 She's wearing a skirt too, so her panty is going to get exposed.

 "Aisha. Don't wrap your legs. You're wearing a skirt. It'll be troublesome if your panties showed."

 "Okay."

 Aisha takes her landing, leading ahead with a face of satisfaction.

 Seriously.

 I guess at 11 she's still a child, but many girls in this world are already fine ladies at 10.

 I should watch her carefully.

 "…"

 Suddenly, I remembered…

 In the letter Paul wrote back then, he said to properly celebrate once everyone reunited.

 I have been meaning to, but half a year passed in the blink of an eye.

 Neither sister ever even celebrated their 5s and 10s.

 But mine were grand, so I feel a little sorry for them.

 Right, time to celebrate these happy times.

 Okay.

 I have decided.

 Let's have a party.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 7

 "The Bancho is great."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
