Volume 14  8 — Flowers in Both Hands

Volume 14 Chapter 8 - Flowers in Both Hands

 

 Part 1

 Two weeks after the wedding ceremony.

 I took Sylphy and Roxy downtown.

 To buy birthday gifts for Norn and Aisha.

 We decided on a surprise party.

 Secretly preparing a surprise for the sisters.

 There's another reason that the three of us are together, but I'll explain that later.

 Part 2

 We arrived at the plaza.

 Perhaps due to the harvest season, the city is particularly bustling.

 Carriages rushing to and forth, people selling fruits and vegetables, faces full of smiles.

 Food right now is both plentiful and cheap.

 A platform rises in the middle of the plaza.

 Soon it'll be the Harvest Festival.

 All the festival is a bonfire in the plaza, using big pots to cook the harvest, and everyone having a feast together.

 No other event besides that.

 Merely a gathering around the bonfire to thank earth for the harvest and feast together.

 No singing or dancing.

 Speaking of which, ingredients are free to everyone who brings a pot over.

 Last year, while I was away, Aisha came to pick up some.

 She said it wasn't very good, since the ingredients are just tossed together.

 Maybe I'll have some this year?

 Even if it doesn't taste any good, I still want to try it.

 "This season sure is lively as always."

 "Yeah, people from all walks show up around this time."

 Roxy glances back and forth with curiosity while Sylphy replies.

 Students enjoying themselves in the plaza, searching for merchants,

 Farmers with cartloads of vegetables passing by,

 Adventurers arguing it out after walking into each other.

 Only in this season would Magic City Sharia be so lively.

 Many Beast Race can be found in the Plaza too.

 Strong ones, wielding great swords the size of machetes.

 They're part of the festivities.

 The festival coincides with Pursena and Rinia's mating season, so warriors of all ages gather at the Magic University to win their hands.

 Seems like Rinia and Pursena are ready to find mates as well. They are taking the challenges seriously this year.

 But regardless of traditions, they declared that they would only pick among suitors that can defeat them.

 Sword must be Saint Rank or better, Magic must be Advanced Rank or better, adventurers must be at least A Rank, ideally have a beautiful pelt, a wild yet gentle man with upright tail and ears.

 Even I think their standards might be a tad high.

 Well, I hope they find a good man.

 Someone like me.

 "…"

 I look around.

 Roxy to my left.

 Sylphy to my right.

 Truly, a flower in both hands.

 "Um, Sylphy-san, Roxy-san."

 "What is it, Rudeus-san?"

 "Yes?"

 "May I wrap my arms around you?"

 A sudden bout of inspiration.

 All men dream of this once.

 That popular sensation to have a girl in both arms.

 Once upon a time, I'd spat out from seeing a guy like that.

 But, in my heart I still yearned for it.

 I must try it.

 "Em."

 "… Fine."

 Sylphy leans in my right.

 Roxy sheepishly leans on my left arm.

 Ohh, envious eyes shower upon me, like during the Resurrection of Jesus.

 How pleasant, to be envied.

 Just kidding.

 Rather than in my delusions, basically no one looked.

 Merchants are all too busy, and all the beast warriors are rushing to the Magic University.

 A few students sheepishly glance but quickly look away.

 Adventurers too, whether at the tavern or bickering outside, waste no time to jeer at us.

 Even so, I'm already satisfied.

 In particular.

 The sensations from my right arm.

 That tactile feedback from here and there simply didn't exist from Sylphy in the past.

 'Here and there' might be a bit rude.

 Her breasts.

 Leaning against a girl's boobs in public.

 Such a wondrous sensation from something so simple.

 My heart, deserted by youth in my past life, feels rejuvenated.

 Just a little more, and this oasis may soon return to mini-size perfection like Elinalise's.

 In other words, right here exists twin islands where dreams are made of.

 The treasure islands are right here!

 Of course, not only with Sylphy.

 In my left hand, Roxy's flat chest is also well cherished.

 But flat doesn't mean nonexistent.

 My well trained hand easily discovers the softness of Roxy.

 Oh, how wonderful.

 I'm thankful to my well toned muscles.

 Because without them, she would merely feel half as soft.

 Haha, don't be jealous of my biceps.

 You're wonderful too.

 "… Ufufu."

 I couldn't contain my smile.

 The reason we came out today was to pick presents for the sisters.

 But that wasn't the only reason.

 A few days ago, Elinalise told me.

 "I conveyed the message. The three of you go out somewhere, and when the mood is right, find a decent hotel and do the deed."

 In other words, that thing.

 Today, it's happening.

 The pleasure of two girls, one bed.

 Will I able to satisfy them both?

 Ah, I can't wait to find out.

 "Rudi, Rudi?"

 Sylphy's calling brought me back to my senses.

 "You're drooling. Hungry?"

 Roxy wipes my lips clean with a handkerchief.

 No good, no good.

 Delusions overwhelming.

 Of course.

 Even though I'm looking forward to the endgame the most.

 I have no plans to neglect the journey.

 Find great gifts for Norn and Aisha.

 And an enjoyable date with Sylphy and Roxy.

 "Sorry, my mouth felt a little lax."

 While apologizing I try to regain my focus.

 Part 3

 We spend a whole day looking for presents, traversing the town.

 First is the craft district.

 The craft district has a variety of magic items available.

 Of course, the business district has magic items as well.

 But the ones available there are all commercialized items, practical but expensive.

 Craft district have many inexperienced magic toolmaker trainees, so a lot of their practice works can be found.

 None of much use, basically all toys.

 But, you might find a rare item by a future genius here too.

 According to Roxy.

 Seems like one of Roxy's classmates studied in the Craft District.

 But unfortunately he already left town.

 "Although I don't think we'll find anything for the girls here."

 Despite what she said, Roxy busies herself checking out all the magic items.

 Of course, I don't think we'll find Aisha and Norn anything here either.

 I'm actually here to find a present for Roxy.

 Even though Roxy and I already married, we never even had a wedding reception.

 She said wedding ceremonies are unnecessary, but we should at least have a reception.

 So I plan to celebrate it along with Aisha's and Norn's birthday.

 Of course, Roxy doesn't know.

 This too is a surprise.

 A surprise for one that helped prepare it.

 I plan to drop by in secret tomorrow, if Roxy says [I want this] here.

 If it's a magic tool, it might be pricey.

 Right now, my family income includes Sylphy and Roxy's wages, royalties from the scroll I got from Nanahoshi, and my share of earnings from the Labyrinth. Four income sources in all.

 In particular with the last one, including the inheritance from Paul, there's enough there for us to enjoy for 30 years or so.

 Not enough to squander frivolously, but plenty there.

 Still, you never know when a time to use money comes.

 That's why I still avoid being a big spender in everyday life.

 But commemorating a wedding is an exception.

 Even if Roxy said [I want a Porsche Cayenne] I would buy it for her.

 But recently Roxy has been riding Jirou everywhere, so I don't think she needs a new ride.

 "This pot freezes anything when you pour magic in it. It might work for Aisha?"

 "I think Aisha wants something cuter."

 "Ah, true, we shouldn't give her anything work-related…"

 While Sylphy and Roxy discuss this and that, I carefully keep an eye on Roxy.

 Until now, I have yet to find Roxy fawning over anything.

 So far she has only diligently looked for gifts for Aisha and Norn.

 Completely ignoring her own feelings.

 "Rudi, are you looking?"

 "Yes. Looking to lick Roxy all over."

 "Please take this seriously. Wasn't it Rudi's idea to buy presents?"

 Of course, I was thinking about presents for Norn and Aisha too.

 But I think we won't find anything here also.

 Part 4

 We head to the business district.

 Our target is the clothing store that Sylphy frequents.

 The same shop where she bought me the robe.

 So far, this is the most likely place to find gifts.

 "This place looks really upscale."

 Roxy hesitates when she saw the storefront.

 She nervously checks over her own robes.

 I should probably tell her that the store doesn't have a dress code.

 "Eh, this is upscale?"

 Sylphy tilts her head, puzzled.

 When it comes to clothing, she only shops at upscale stores.

 That doesn't mean she's a big spender.

 Just habits she picked up from being constantly with Ariel.

 You tend to shop where your friends shop.

 Sylphy isn't loose with money.

 She's just shopping at places she feels comfortable in.

 In other words.

 No one really thinks of their own stuff as upscale.

 "No. This is perfectly suitable with the money in the Greyrat house. Just that I don't frequent this type of store myself."

 "R-really… it's that expensive…"

 Sylphy looks dejected.

 Her ears flop down.

 "Eh, Rudi. Have I been spending too much money?"

 "Of course not."

 Sylphy's wages basically cover her clothing expenses.

 She only spends her own money.

 Nothing I need to chide in about.

 "I definitely wasn't thinking that Sylphy was wasteful. When I was a court magician, I frequented stores like this as well. It's a great place to shop for birthday presents."

 "Oh, yeah, for birthday presents… Yeah…"

 Roxy adds.

 As expected of my Shisho.

 Instantly, she follows through.

 I should help as well.

 "I think clothing slightly on the expensive side is just fine."

 "I think they're tasteful."

 "What should we do? Maybe we should look elsewhere… But besides here, all the stores I know are expensive too."

 "It's fine. We can just shop here."

 Sylphy doesn't have much personal clothing in the first place.

 And she's dressing up all for my sake anyways.

 Even if I shouldn't thank her, I don't have any complaints either.

 To be honest, from my perspective the clothing here is on the pricey side.

 But that's because I'm used to wearing the cheap stuff for adventurers anyways.

 Besides, just enjoy it even if they're pricey.

 We have money.

 "Oh, if it isn't Greyrat-sama! Welcome!"

 Shop assistants circle us as soon as we arrive.

 They probably recognize all their frequent guests.

 "What are you looking for today?"

 "Birthday presents for 10 year old girls."

 "I see, come this way!"

 With that said, a shop assistant immediately led us in.

 They're well trained.

 Our target is an area with various children's wear.

 Everyday wear, robes, dresses, etc.

 The options are plentiful.

 I guess lots of people come to shop for 10th birthday presents here.

 "So many things here I don't even know where to start."

 "Winter is coming, so maybe something warm?"

 Roxy and Sylphy chatting happily in front of a pile of clothing.

 As expected of girls.

 Completely opposite of that 'anything would do' red-haired girl.

 "Um, Rudi, what do you think?"

 "Norn is a little short in winter coats, maybe a new one for her?"

 I gave Sylphy my opinion when she asked.

 Both girls nod in approval.

 "Ah, this overcoat looks quite nice… How about Aisha-chan?"

 "A few days ago Aisha mentioned that her boots are feeling a bit small."

 "Boots? That sounds good. Let's go with that."

 Our targets decided, we begin to shop around.

 With options so plentiful, we quickly found the perfect fits for both of them.

 For Norn, a brightly colored overcoat; for Aisha, a pair of embroidered boots.

 Both a little on the big side, but since they're still growing, it should be fine.

 Afterwards we browsed the store for a little more.

 I said no reason that we can only give one, since that wasn't a complete lie.

 But the truth is I wanted to find a present for Roxy.

 "Do you think Aisha will like this fabric brooch?"

 "Yeah, she seems to like flowers."

 "No, maybe it's too mature?"

 "Say, what does Norn-chan like?"

 "Norn… Well, I don't ever recall her talking about her likes and such…"

 "Norn-san seems to like armor and horses and swords and such boyish things."

 "Eh, how does Roxy know?"

 "I really want to get along with her."

 We walk and chat.

 "…"

 Suddenly, Roxy stops in her tracks.

 A robe catches her eyes.

 A Magician's robe and hat on prominent display.

 Sized for an adult male, they're probably too big for Roxy.

 Looking longingly at the hat, she removes her own.

 Then, nearly in tears she stares down at her own hat.

 The hat looks rather ancient in comparison.

 She probably wore this back in Buina Village too.

 While not in complete tatters, it's visibly frayed after being around the block a few times.

 But the black coloring helps that from becoming obvious.

 Roxy replaces her hat back on herself, and slowly on her tippy toes, reaches for the hat on display.

 She flips it around, eventually locates the price tag, dismay befalls her face.

 Instantly she puts the hat back into place.

 Looks like it's too expensive.

 "Sigh…"

 Roxy sighs, as if nothing happened, she heads back toward me.

 "Hey, Rudi."

 Suddenly I noticed Sylphy besides me.

 "That's it."

 "Yep."

 Sylphy and I are in agreement.

 With that, Roxy's gift has been decided as well.

 Afterwards, I placed an order for the overcoat, the boots, and secretly the hat as well before heading out.

 Pick up is the day of the party.

 Gift wrap is included as well.

 I can't wait!

 Part 5

 Finally, we wander over to where the adventurers gather, the tavern district.

 Since we've been all over, it's already night time.

 Around this time is when adventurers return with their haul from Labyrinth raids.

 Also, those short on cash are pawning what they have around now as well.

 So there are deals to be found here.

 But magic tools are quite pricey still, and no must-haves either.

 Window shopping is a pleasure in itself.

 But that's just me.

 "Look, Sylphy. These are what adventurers wear. This is where regular folks shop."

 "Okay. I get it. But I never wore clothing like these before. I don't know how I would look in them."

 "I think Sylphy would look good in this. Since you're slender, this cloak should look good on you."

 They chat among themselves. Before I realize it, they have an entire outfit put together for Sylphy.

 In the style of a magic swordsman, it even comes with an elbow protector.

 Lacking in elegance, but it has the charm of a new adventurer, and is actually quite cute.

 With this, Sylphy can become a new adventurer anytime she wants to.

 An F-Rank Adventurer!

 Well, she has work already, so she has no need to become an adventurer.

 Even more, her work outfit are all magic items.

 So I doubt there's a chance for her to ever wear this.

 "Haha, thank you."

 But Sylphy looks quite happy.

 While we're shopping, all the stores start to close shop.

 The merchants won't bother to sell into the night.

 Thus, we naturally walk around, and naturally we steer toward the dining area.

 Obviously.

 The only ones natural here are Sylphy and Roxy.

 Everything went according to my plan.

 Knowing this will happen, I already have a place booked.

 We head towards a S-Rank adventurer's tavern.

 Elinalise recommended this place as "the last stop for the date."

 The food is delicious, the mood is just right, the bed is wide, and the sound isolation is perfect.

 That kind of place.

 "Ah, grandma told me about this place. She told me to make up with Rudi here if we ever get into a fight."

 "Eh, Sylphy too?"

 But they already knew about this place.

 In the end, we're merely three little lambs dancing in Elinalise's palm.

 Still, even if we all knew, that's fine as well.

 "Elinalise-san also said, one day I might come here with Rudi and Sylphy. And, when that happens, that means…"

 "She told me the same thing… so that explains it."

 "Rudi is a pervert!"

 Sylphy and Roxy both look towards me with scorn.

 But not with disgust.

 Elinalise has done her job.

 Thus, both have already come to terms with my scheme.

 All thanks to Elinalise-san.

 No, all hail Elinalise-sama!

 "But we didn't say we would stay out tonight. I'm worried about Lucy."

 Sylphy suddenly mentions Lucy as if she just remembered.

 But, I already took care of that.

 "Don't worry. I already asked Lilia-san to take care of her."

 Lilia said [Count on me] as soon as I told her tonight will decide everything.

 "You asked… Well, I guess she'll be fine with Lilia-san."

 Sylphy probably wants to complain that parents shouldn't both disappear, even if everything's taken care of.

 I understand that as well.

 But, well.

 … I don't have any excuses.

 I'm sorry, Lucy, I love you.

 Please forgive this father for being a slave to his desires.

 "I… have school tomorrow."

 Roxy is worried about her attendance, but I have that covered as well.

 "We'll just head home a bit earlier."

 "Will we get up in time? I don't have any confidence… after that."

 "Count on me."

 "Eh, if Rudi said so, then please…"

 It'll bit a tight fit, but I'm already set on spending the night out tonight.

 "Then, Danna-sama. We're in your care tonight."

 "Please take care of us."

 My two lovely wives lower their heads. Battle preparations OK.

 Part 6

 But heading to bed straight away now will just be rude.

 First we will have dinner in the first floor of the tavern.

 The food here is indeed delicious.

 Food, drinks, flirting.

 Getting into the mood is important too.

 My love for them goes beyond mere sexual urges.

 I won't deny my urges are strong, but I still want them to enjoy a pure us-time together.

 "Wow, this looks amazing."

 "You can't eat this just anywhere…"

 Sitting side by side in front of the cuisines being served, both exclaimed.

 In the North, food is pricey and quantity lacking.

 Thus, everyday meals tend to be on the plain side.

 But right now, in the middle of harvest season, and at such a upscale restaurant to boot.

 A rich salad made from fresh veggies.

 A spicy soup, stewed with river fish.

 A Black Angus steak topped with spices.

 All cuisines that you can't find everyday.

 In addition, a wine with a strong whiskey-like aroma.

 "This soup is delicious. I wonder what flavoring they used."

 "I think… mustard seed simmered in oil?"

 Sylphy, concerned with Lucy, is abstaining from alcohol.

 But she seems quite curious with the soup, repeatedly tasting it.

 "I want to look into this a bit more. Rudi, if I make this, will you eat it?"

 Sylphy tilts her tiny head.

 If she does, I'll wolf it down without a doubt.

 "Haha, I'll have it with a side of Sylphy."

 "Seriously, Rudi."

 The finale is desserts.

 This restaurant offers every dessert you can think of.

 Even so, for time consuming stuff like ones I had at Holy Kingdom of Milis, they'll be a little different.

 The main desert is an apple-like fruit.

 I had this before. Compared to apples of the past life, it's a bit sour.

 Cut bite-sized and dipped in honey-like sweet syrup.

 Tastes like a fruit preserve or a fruit punch.

 Quite delicious.

 Even though the only thing that comes to my mind with apple/honey flavor is sweet coffee, but that is my mistake.

 "This is…!"

 Roxy really loves the dessert.

 Her eyes sparkling, and relentlessly she feasts on it.

 My Sensei really loves sweets.

 Or perhaps, all Migurdia Race loves sweets.

 "Amazing, I can even taste something like this, this far North!"

 Roxy doesn't say much, but she looks truly moved.

 I feel like light is shining out of Roxy.

 Like she'll start talking loudly about the jewelry box in her mouth at any moment

 "Aww…"

 Finishing her dessert in an instant, Roxy looks at the empty plate filled with regret.

 "You can have mine."

 I push my plate towards Roxy. Astonishment overcomes her.

 "Eh, really?"

 Food should be eaten by those who enjoy them.

 "Of course. Here, ah-ah."

 "Ah- Huh? I am not a little kid anymore… Ah-ah."

 Roxy takes a bite anyways. Happiness sweeps her face.

 Even though I want to feed her more, but regrettably my share has disappeared as well.

 Next time.

 Well then, now that we have our fill.

 Stuffed with sweets, these two pretty ladies turn particularly sweet as well.

 "Well, ladies."

 "What is it, Rudi?"

 "What?"

 "Actually, I already booked a room…"

 I finally said the line I waited my whole life to say.

 "… Oh. Well, Roxy, let me ask again… are you fine with me?"

 "Yes. I'll be in your care."

 Roxy and Sylphy share a glance and a nod.

 I pick up a key from the lobby and rush the two into our room.

 A cloth rack by the doorway, and a thick carpet cover the floor.

 In the far end a large, fluffy bed big enough for five to roll in.

 Darkness by the window.

 I hurry to shut the blinds and light up the already-prepared candles.

 Thus, in this dimly lit room the silhouettes of two lovely girls appear.

 "…"

 "…"

 Blushing, both slowly remove their outer wear.

 I watch, convinced again that this night will be the most wonderful night.

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 8

 "The Bancho is rich."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
