Volume 14  9 — Birthday Party

Volume 14 Chapter 9 - Birthday Party

 

 Part 1

 Day of battle.

 Norn is home that day.

 Roxy is on break that day.

 Even though Sylphy isn't on break, she requested the day off as well.

 Preparation OK.

 All that remains is the actual battle.

 I call Norn, Aisha, and Roxy together.

 "I have things to talk about. I hope you'll accompany me."

 "What?"

 Both sisters tilt their heads.

 But I already informed Roxy about the surprise party.

 While making food and picking up gifts from the shop, we have to take the sisters out somewhere.

 "I got it. It's fine."

 Roxy straightforwardly accepted the request.

 Ho ho ho, she doesn't know she's part of the celebrations yet.

 "Eh, mom. Can I leave my work today and go?"

 "It's Rudeus-sama's invitation. Of course it's fine."

 "Alright, I'm heading out."

 Aisha got Lilia's permission.

 "…"

 Norn looks toward Sylphy, slightly bothered.

 "Roxy-san is going too, so why not Sylphy-neesan?"

 "Eh?"

 Norn suddenly asks. Is excluding Sylphy too obvious?

 "Well, you see, I have to take care of Lucy!"

 "A few days ago, you left together too. Sylphy-neesan, are you fine with this?"

 "W-well…"

 Sylphy looks toward my direction for help.

 But, as soon as she spots Roxy, I can almost see her eyes sparkle with inspiration.

 "A-actually, this was my plan."

 "Eh? What is?"

 "Norn-chan, you don't have a good relationship with Roxy yet, right?"

 "Oh, that's true."

 "We're family now. It's bad if we don't get along, so I thought a chance out the house can help you two get to know each other better. If you spend some time together, you should become more comfortable

 with each other, right?"

 "… So that's why. I get it."

 Looks like Norn bought it.

 On the other hand, Aisha starts to show surprise.

 Because it's not like Aisha and Roxy don't get along.

 When Roxy prepares her lessons, Aisha would even bring tea and snacks for her.

 Those two get along just fine.

 But a moment later, something seemed to click for Aisha.

 With a shrug, a smile resurfaced on her.

 … Did she figure it out?

 "That's why, the four of you enjoy yourselves today."

 "Yes."

 "Okay."

 "Sorry for the trouble."

 Still sweating bullets, but I successfully escort those three out of the house.

 Part 2

 Prep work will take a lot of time.

 Cooking, decorating the room, and preparing the presents with just the two of them.

 Just in case, we should stay out until at least the afternoon.

 Even though, we can't go to the business district.

 It'll be trouble if we stumble upon Sylphy on her way from picking up the presents.

 Of course, we can go to the travel district or the craft district, even wasting time at school would work.

 But I end up picking that place.

 "Let's go fishing."

 We head out the city.

 And arrived at a quiet creek, far from the hustle and bustle.

 In the clear creek waters many fish can be seen.

 "Ah. Is this really a good way to get to know each other better?"

 "What Sylphy said wasn't entirely a lie."

 Roxy quietly whispers as she takes out the prepared fishing gear.

 No fishing reel or artificial baits.

 Just a regular wooden stick combined with spider silk from giant spiders, a simple substitute.

 In addition, we have cheek pouches of Radiata Frogs as floats, and hooks of iron I fashioned.

 The bait is earthworms.

 "I never fished before."

 "Me neither, but I always wanted to try."

 The sisters pick their own gear as they say that.

 Aisha quickly installs her hook and floats, prepares the bait, and runs besides the creek.

 Then she casts her fishing rod out like Sanpei.

 Has she really never fished before?

 "Nii-san, what am I supposed to do?"

 "Hehe, Nii-san doesn't know either. I never fished before."

 In my previous life, I was an indoor-type.

 Never fished before, never interested in fishing either.

 Of course, after coming to this world I never fished either.

 If I want fish, I can just freeze this creek and call it a day.

 "Then, Norn-san. Can I teach you?"

 Roxy nervously offers to help.

 Looks like she has some experience.

 If she doesn't, it would be fun to experiment between the 3 of us too. Since she offered, I'll join the lesson as well.

 "… Please."

 With some mixed feelings Norn nods.

 As a Milis believer, I guess she really does have some reservations about Roxy.

 But, she probably doesn't hate Roxy herself.

 "-- Okay, now try it yourself."

 "Like this?"

 "Yep. Good job."

 "… Thank you."

 Roxy's teachings are detailed.

 Norn listens carefully.

 Good, good.

 I also hope that Roxy and Norn will get along.

 Part 3

 Then we start fishing.

 Roxy has a wealth of experience.

 What I mean is, she looks so cool.

 Sitting on a chair I made with earth magic, with one hand on the rod, her eyes focus only on the water surface.

 In that pose, she looks just like a monk in meditation.

 Then when even the tiniest vibration reaches her hand, she will pull the rod.

 Although at the beginning she swung empty, but by this point she's far in the lead.

 "Roxy-san is so good at this."

 "When I was traveling alone, I had to learn to catch food on my own."

 "Oh yeah, in his travels, Ruijerd-san caught fish as well."

 "He can fish?"

 "No, with a spear, he just stabs the water, and comes back with two or three fish--"

 Norn sits by Roxy's side, making casual conversations.

 Still a bit wooden, but the mood is there.

 "Ah, Norn-san, you got a bite. Try to pull!"

 "Eh, Eh! oh, oh! Ah…"

 "This happens pretty often. Bait it and try again."

 Norn keeps losing focus and managed to let another one go.

 But Roxy seems to be enjoying herself, with a topic relevant to her, her mood visibly brightens.

 "Haha, Onii-chan. You don't look so good there. Something wrong?"

 Aisha is in her best shape.

 Although she swung empty a few times, she already caught 3.

 "Don't forget, we promised that the loser has to listen to the winner's commands."

 Earlier, I accepted Aisha's challenge to see "who will catch more fish," but so far my results are 0.

 Looks like I'll lose.

 Well, doesn't matter if I do.

 But, even though we are both beginners, why is the gap between us that large?

 Aisha is great no matter what she does.

 "Only stuff within my abilities."

 "What should I choose? Hold me tight all night and whisper sweet nothings like 'Aisha is cute'? Or maybe the stuff you do with Roxy-ane and Sylphy-ane?"

 "No perverted stuff. Dad will get mad."

 "Don't bring dad into this-"

 She might say that, but in the end she'll probably ask for something expensive anyways.

 Well, losing is fine.

 I can let my sister win this time.

 No.

 Isn't this a chance to show myself off as the cool older brother?

 Rather than a gentle, unreliable brother, I want to be a strong and reliable one!

 "Aisha, I'll now show my true form."

 "So you haven't been taking it seriously?"

 "Haha, from now on, I'll use my Demon Eye!"

 "Ehh, that's cheating!"

 Whatever you say.

 This is my true form.

 It might be just a second into the future, but that should be enough for me to demonstrate the overwhelming skill gap between us.

 I open my Demon Eye.

 And focus on my float.

 <No reaction.>

 <No reaction.>

 <The float begins to shake.>

 "Fiiish!"

 A swing honed through daily sword practice.

 Wrist strength enhanced by an artificial limb that ignores any resistance.

 With a bit of force I pull up the hook.

 "Oh! It's a big one…?"

 I hooked a boot.

 "…"

 Boot exists in this world too?

 Well, this creek sits downstream from Magic City Sharia.

 People often come to it to wash and fetch water.

 So sometimes, for whatever reason, a boot falls in and gets lost.

 Or maybe further upstream somewhere, an adventurer lost it, and it traveled downstream. That is possible too.

 "Onii-chan…"

 Aisha looks at me in shame.

 No, let's change our thought process a little.

 This isn't a boot.

 That would work.

 Yep.

 If I think about it, this looks like something else entirely.

 Yep.

 Looking carefully, isn't this a fish?

 Indeed, calling it a fish isn't completely unreasonable.

 It looks like a fish no matter how you look at it.

 It looks like nothing else besides fish.

 Thus I put the boot inside the fish tank.

 "Alright, that's 1. I'll catch up soon enough."

 "Hey! That was a boot!"

 "It might look like a boot at first glance, but it's actually a very respectable fresh water creature. I call it… Shoe Fish."

 "You're so full of it! There's no such thing! That's cheating!"

 Aisha plunges a hand in the fish tank and tosses the boot back in the creek.

 "Ahh!"

 Don't throw trash in the creek.

 Well, no. That's catch and release.

 The boot is just a baby.

 If we let it go now, it'll definitely work back to the ocean and eventually return.

 I'll go with that.

 "Ah! Oh… Got it! That's No. 4."

 While I was busy thinking, Aisha has already caught her fourth.

 Ugh.

 I'll lose for sure now.

 Sorry Sylphy and Roxy.

 I'm Aisha's bed warmer tonight…

 "Just like that, very good. Now pull, pull!"

 "Arg… Grr… Ah!"

 "Do your best. Careful!"

 Getting noisy all the sudden, I turn over to look, Norn got a bite.

 A big one!

 Almost the size of a Koi fish.

 "Wow! I caught one! First time I ever caught one!"

 "Wow! And it's so big too!"

 Norn laughs happily. Roxy claps her hand in excitement too.

 Such a heartwarming scene.

 This trip was worth it.

 Part 4

 Just like that, the sun begins to set, and it's time to head home.

 "We should head back soon."

 The sisters begin to drag their feet as soon as they hear me.

 "Eh, going home already?"

 "… I want to catch another one."

 Time flies by when you have fun.

 I can appreciate them wanting to spend more time here.

 But the real deal awaits.

 "If it gets dark, monsters will come out."

 "We're fine, if Onii-chan is here!"

 "Roxy-Sensei said so too…"

 Indeed there's no concern with magical beasts in this area.

 Roxy and I.

 Us two should be plenty to protect Aisha and Norn.

 Right now I should have that kind of strength.

 But that's a different issue.

 If I agree, we'll be here all night.

 Even if we don't have plans later, better safe than sorry.

 "No. We'll come again next time."

 "Onii-chan is just bitter you didn't catch anything…"

 "If I want to be serious, I can catch as many fish as I like."

 I can use electric shock and explosions, no reason that I have to hook them.

 Definitely not because I'm a sore loser.

 "Alright, let's go home."

 "Fine-"

 "Fine."

 I use magic to flash freeze the fish we caught to take them home.

 On the way back, I thought about frying and eating them, but it's better if we go to the party hungry.

 Fish can wait until tomorrow.

 On the way back.

 Aisha and Norn are arguing happily about who caught more, whose were bigger.

 Roxy and I follow behind.

 Roxy has a face of success.

 Her relationship with Norn had been a little tense.

 After today, it should improve a little.

 "We're back~!"

 "Congratulations!"

 Clapping hands the moment we came into the house.

 Sparse but energetic claps.

 Sylphy and Lilia, also Zenith lining up near the entrance.

 Although Zenith can only stare blankly, but maybe it's just my imagination, but I feel a smile from her.

 "Eh?"

 Norn sounds shocked by the ambush.

 Cooperating, Roxy and I begin to clap behind them as well.

 Norn turns her head around and makes another [Eh?] sound.

 Doesn't look like she figured it out yet.

 I hurry the confused Norn and surprised Aisha into the dining room.

 The room is dressed in simple but pretty decorations.

 No banners hanging, but the wall has been decorated with flowers.

 In various places candles shine.

 Covered with a white tablecloth, a flower vase and dinner plates line the table.

 Drinks were prepared, but no food.

 They'll probably be served later.

 By the table.

 Two so-called birthday chairs have been prepared.

 I ask them to sit down there.

 "Eh? Why?"

 Norn shows a face of surprise.

 But Aisha begins to giggle.

 So she figured it out.

 What a clever girl.

 After they sit down, Lilia and Zenith sat down as well.

 Sylphy and Roxy sit on their regular seats.

 After everyone sat down, I clear my throat.

 "It's been seven years since the Metastasis Event. A long time has passed, and the family has finally been reunited. Even though dad is gone, and whether mom will recover her memory is still up in the air. But, if we stay gloomy like this, dad will never be able to rest in peace. I think if dad were with us right now, he would be all smiles too. It was dad's last wish to have everyone gather and celebrate together. So today, following his will, let's enjoy ourselves. Cheers!"

 With that said, I raise a toast.

 "Cheers!"

 Besides Norn, everyone else quietly raises their cups.

 Norn is still in a daze.

 But Aisha seems to understand completely, grinning happily.

 Say, I was trying to be cheerful, but somehow my eyes are welling up.

 No no.

 I need to be smiling.

 "Sylphy!"

 "Ah, right."

 Sylphy hears my call and immediately begins to move.

 We're on the same wavelength.

 Sylphy takes them out from under the table.

 Two large, beautifully wrapped boxes.

 Sylphy hands one to Roxy.

 Then Sylphy and Roxy each take one to Aisha and Norn.

 "Happy 10th!"

 "Happy birthday!"

 Norn and Aisha both look completely baffled.

 "But, we're already 11…?"

 First time I have ever seen Aisha so baffled.

 From the look on her face, even Aisha didn't expect that she would be receiving a present.

 "Um. We didn't have a chance to celebrate for your 10th. Even though it's a little late, but Paul said within a year is fine."

 "Onii-chan…?"

 Aisha looks rather moved, hanging tightly to the box.

 Then, she looks towards Lilia.

 Lilia gently nods towards Aisha.

 Aisha, unable to contain her excitement any longer, turns back to Sylphy.

 "Can I open it?"

 "Of course!"

 With that said, Aisha and Norn begin to move.

 Ready to tear through the wrapping paper.

 But, in sync, they suddenly realize something.

 Then slowly they unwrapped the ribbons and remove the pretty wrapping paper.

 No clue why they're so in sync right now.

 They really are sisters.

 "Wah~, boots! Norn-ane what did you get?"

 "Look, Aisha, I got a jacket!"

 Looking over their presents, they laugh happily.

 With them so happy, even us givers feel gratified.

 Then, Lilia and Zenith come beside them.

 "Mom, mama! Look look!"

 Norn shows off her new jacket to Zenith.

 As expected, no reaction from Zenith.

 I feel a little pained seeing this.

 Zenith used to be so frolicky in these situations.

 She was so excited for my 5th, [How is it? I know exactly what Rudi wanted, right?] with those feelings she gave me a book as present.

 If she was her normal self.

 Then she would definitely be riled up like a little kid with Norn.

 But the Zenith right now.

 Looks blank.

 Seeing that, I feel glum.

 If she ever recovers and hears about Paul's death, will she show any pain?

 But still, seeing her completely emotionless right now, it makes my chest hurt.

 While I was thinking, just a for a brief moment--.

 -- Zenith smiled.

 "… Eh?"

 And quickly her smile disappears.

 Just for a moment.

 Maybe only I saw it.

 "Did she just… smile?"

 No.

 Everyone saw it.

 Lilia, Aisha, Sylphy, Roxy too.

 Everyone looking towards Zenith in shock.

 "… Mother?"

 The one that witnessed that smile face-to-face, with wide open eyes, tears gushing out as Norn looks at Zennith.

 "…"

 Zenith follows up by petting Norn and Aisha on their heads.

 That rubbing is gentler than usual.

 Zenith is very happy too.

 Because her daughters are growing up.

 "Madam… thank goodness…"

 Lilia quietly holds on to Zenith's shoulder.

 On Lilia a tear-filled smiling face she rarely showed.

 Zenith with a blank expression rubs Lilia's hand.

 Lilia bites her lips as to hold back her tears.

 "These are from Madam and I."

 After taking Zenith back to her seat, Lilia turns around to give the girls their presents.

 A pair of matching handkerchiefs with pretty flowers embroidered.

 "Thank you very much. Lilia-san."

 Norn candidly accepts hers, but Aisha looks hesitant.

 Does getting the same thing make her uncomfortable?

 "Em, mother, can I accept this?"

 "Oh, of course. You are also Paul-sama's daughter."

 The mood has changed somehow.

 Lilia has always been instructing Aisha of her role as a maid.

 "From today too, please continue to serve Rudeus-sama and Norn-sama with respect."

 "… Yes, mother."

 Ah, Lilia is still Lilia.

 But even saying that, recently, whether in the tone of her voice or whatever,

 I have never seen her sternly lecturing Aisha.

 She has her own thought process.

 After Lilia returns to her seat, Zenith places a hand on her shoulder.

 "Madam…"

 "…"

 Lilia puts her own on Zenith's hand and quietly thanks her.

 "Thank you very much."

 They seem to have reached a level of understanding beyond words.

 Roxy seems deeply moved by this scene.

 "Oh?"

 Someone tugged my sleeves while I was looking at Roxy.

 I turn around to check, and it turns out to be Sylphy.

 In her hand a different box than the sisters'.

 Oh yeah.

 I almost forgot.

 "Roxy."

 Roxy turns her head.

 She looks at me and the box in Sylphy's hands, puzzled.

 "W-what is it?"

 Sylphy says,

 "Oh, this, is our present to Roxy."

 "Eh, ha, eh, that, what for?"

 "A wedding present. Roxy, congratulations on you and Rudi getting married!"

 Sylphy, with that said, hands the box to Roxy.

 "Come on now, open it."

 Roxy under her urges opens the box.

 And seeing the hat within, her eyes widen.

 "This, Sylphy, Rudi, Is this?"

 "Roxy. Let's live happily together, just like Zenith-san and Lilia-san."

 Sylphy has the smile of an angel.

 Roxy bites her lips, seeing that smile.

 And with her head slightly lowered, pressing the hat tightly against her bosom.

 Then, with a voice almost too faint to hear, she says.

 "Truly, thank you, Sylphy…"

 Tears sparkle in Roxy's eyes.

 Afterwards she told me.

 That moment was the first time that Roxy truly felt Sylphy's approval.

 Part 5

 The party was smooth sailing afterwards.

 First the cake was presented.

 Baked soft, like a sponge, but no butter.

 Lots of dried fruits inside.

 Even though it had a slightly bitter aftertaste, but the fruits sweetness covered it well.

 I remember eating it at Asura Kingdom before.

 During my 10th as well.

 How nostalgic.

 Is Eris doing well?

 That girl is lively no matter what her circumstances.

 But will she be married like me… Probably not.

 If there's a guy that can handle her, he has my deepest respect.

 I asked Lilia about the cake, and apparently it's a traditional snack of Asura Kingdom.

 Prepared for every holiday.

 But we never had it at Buina Village.

 Seems like Paul hated it, so she never could make it then.

 Likes, hates, that's Paul for you.

 Sylphy learned how to make it this time, so she'll make more herself in the future.

 Norn really enjoys the flavor, and I don't dislike it either.

 But Aisha seems not particularly fond of it, trying to pick off the dried fruits and eating only the cake itself.

 Lilia doesn't look very pleased, angrily telling her not to be picky, while saying "you remind me of your father" with a smile.

 Aisha says playfully, [Onii-chan, help me eat this], but she caught the attention of Roxy's sweet tooth.

 They probably will enjoy sharing with each other.

 I watch with a light heart.

 But Roxy seems to have a misunderstanding.

 "Aisha-san. You don't realize how lucky you are. There are times when one gets so hungry that one has to even eat poisonous scorpions."

 "Oh, ah, okay."

 And the lecture begins.

 Feels like Ghyslaine had said this as well.

 Even I had to force myself to swallow some terrible meals during my time in the Magic Continent.

 But I don't think I actually ate anything poisonous before.

 I suppose I also have no clue how lucky I am.

 "Don't waste any of your sweets. Treasure them."

 "Okay."

 Not angry, yet very convincing, even Aisha got scared.

 Then, quietly she works through her cake.

 Thinking about it, this feels like the first time Aisha actually does as she's told.

 No, she always does anything I say.

 But if you think about it, being picky isn't that big of a deal.

 It's only cake.

 But I could be wrong.

 As expected of Roxy.

 "But if you really can't finish it, I'll help."

 Roxy has already finished hers.

 Oh.

 As expected of Roxy.

 "I really can't eat anymore."

 Aisha replies immediately.

 Scared that Roxy will lecture her again, she replies immediately.

 "No! Eat it yourself!"

 Sylphy and I never really scold Aisha.

 Perhaps as a result, Lilia starts to refrain herself as well.

 Aisha is clever, but she's only 11.

 She deserves to be scolded once a while.

 ---

 Roxy is getting along better with the sisters.

 Slowly but surely Norn and Aisha ceased fighting.

 Zenith's condition is definitely improving.

 I feel like the family ties are growing closer than before.

 Party successful.

 Ah, parties are truly wonderful.

 Norn and Aisha.

 Let's have an even better party for their 15th!

 9 Rumors of the School - Number 9

 "The Bancho is bald."

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
