Volume 14  10 — Graduation Ceremony

Volume 14 Chapter 10 - Graduation Ceremony

 

 Part 1

 In the blink of an eye a year has passed.

 The season changed, and winter returns.

 I am 18 already.

 On the school side I safely advanced a grade and will be a 4th year soon.

 Research has been going well, nothing major to report.

 Even though I successfully advanced, Elinalise was forced to repeat a grade.

 Because she left for half a year even though she's a regular student.

 Even though she doesn't really mind, but because it was for my family troubles, I feel a little responsible.

 By the way, Sylphy has poor attendance too, but her grades are the best in school.

 And since she's also Princess Ariel's personal guard, she successfully advanced a grade as well.

 Of course, everything's fine on the family side as well.

 Lucy is growing well.

 She weaned really early and is now wolfing down baby food.

 And a few days ago, out of no where.

 She call me "Ru- Di-" for the first time.

 Not "papa," not "daddy," not "Mr. Bubbles," but Rudi.

 Well, no one calls me papa at home, so it can't be helped.

 Yet she calls Sylphy "Ma- Ma-," but that's because of Sylphy's parenting skills.

 Maybe I should change my first name to "papa."

 No, in the end she's learning to talk.

 I shouldn't be impatient.

 When she grows bigger she'll definitely call me father.

 Ah, say, why is the girl already talking after barely a year?

 Is my daughter a genius?

 No, even I know this is normal.

 Sooner or later kids start to talk.

 Sylphy and Lilia have been diligently teaching her to talk, so this is the fruit of their labor.

 But still, my girl is talking already, I can't help but think "amazing!"

 But, at this rate, soon she'll start saying stuff like "I don't want my panties washed with papa's."

 I can't wait!

 With Lucy grown, Sylphy has stopped lactating as well.

 That sweet, delicate flavor that tastes of excitement, is gone.

 A pity, but it can't be helped.

 At the same time, her enlarged bosom has returned to its normal size.

 Small isn't bad either, but I feel a tinge of loneliness that the bonus time is over.

 Also, since we no longer need a wet nurse, our contract with Suzanne ended.

 This too is fate. If she is ever in need, I will try to lend a hand.

 Like if her children are to attend school, then I'll help where I can.

 But by then, I might have graduated already. I might have to ask Norn instead.

 Norn and Aisha are both doing well.

 They both exclaim in one voice over how cute Lucy is.

 From their perspective, she definitely feels like a little sister.

 I also overheard them having a strategy session behind the ladder, "Don't fight in front of Lucy."

 Besides that, they also have various other plans.

 Mostly about how to show off as cool big sisters, something like that.

 Recently, things have rarely gone ugly between them.

 People naturally become more respectable once they have someone looking up to them.

 If because of Lucy, they're willing to make up, that'd be wonderful.

 Roxy's teaching career is going well.

 For some reason regular students are a little scared of her.

 She doesn't seem to have any bad students in class, and for now is enjoying a happy teaching life.

 Zenith remains the same.

 Sometimes eating with Norn, sometimes weeding with Aisha.

 Sometimes holding Lucy's fingers and smiling.

 Also, after Aisha's and Norn's birthday party, Zenith started to smile quite often.

 A small, delicate smile, barely twitching her muscles.

 But anyone can tell that it's a smile.

 She still can't talk, and otherwise almost expressionless.

 But indeed she's recovering well.

 That I believe.

 Part 2

 Today is the Graduation Ceremony.

 Even though the Entrance Ceremony was outdoors, the Graduation Ceremony is indoors.

 Until today I had yet to enter such a large lecture hall before.

 In it a large stage is installed, and one by one each graduate receives their graduation certificate.

 Around 500 in total at most.

 Even though the student body exceeds 10,000, graduates only number in the 500s.

 I'm afraid this 7th year class was almost 2000 to begin with.

 As they advance each year, one by one students quit, until only these remain.

 Easy to enroll, hard to graduate.

 Advanced Rank Magic and Melded Magic are very difficult, so many people failed to advance due to low magic power.

 And for others, even those with talent, think just learning Elementary Magic is good enough.

 And there are probably plenty of others quitting for various reasons.

 But since I'm a Special Student, the school has been taking good care of me.

 Teachers line up beside the graduates.

 Around a thousand in all.

 Feels like there are more here than the graduates.

 Realistically, there are two, maybe three hundred teachers at most.

 But that's already plenty.

 Makes sense that the faculty rooms take up an entire building.

 Among them, that particularly small figure is Roxy.

 Even from afar she seems to glow, and I spot her immediately.

 By the way.

 Regular students have today off.

 Entrance and exit ceremonies are both voluntary.

 Not just that, attendance needs special permissions.

 As if the ceremony itself is a special privilege.

 I stand besides the Student Council.

 The Student Council is in full attendance.

 But I only know 4 among them: Luke, Ariel and her two attendants.

 Also Sylphy too.

 At work Sylphy looks so forbidding as always.

 Not long ago Sylphy was often mistaken for a boy.

 But now her hair has reached shoulder length, and maybe because she has become a mother, her femininity has really begun to show.

 Like a career woman.

 Cute and cool.

 Makes me want to loudly declare to the world, that she's my wife!

 But there's a surprise too.

 Norn is sitting at the back with the Student Council.

 I never heard about this.

 Don't tell me she joined the Student Council?

 Not official this year, but officially in the next term?

 If she plans to announce it at the Entrance Ceremony, as a brother I'll be very happy.

 "Graduate representative! Rinia Dedorudia! And Pursena Adorudia! It's an honor to bestow you two these graduation certificates and Magic Guild D Rank confirmation."

 Rinia and Pursena were selected as graduate representatives.

 Even though they had gone astray at times, they ended up with excellent grades in the end.

 Besides, they're Beast Race princesses of Dorudia Village.

 Status-wise there's no complaints.

 It's only expected.

 When selecting graduate representatives, high social status is an obvious criteria.

 If between commoner and nobility, the choice is obviously nobility.

 This way there's less trouble, and it won't hurt the noble's feelings.

 Of course if a commoner's grades are better by a wide margin, then that's another story.

 Roxy was outstanding too, but I don't think she was selected as representative.

 Officially, the Magic University takes pride in welcoming all kinds of students.

 But as a human enterprise, informal rules still exist.

 "Rinia Dedorudia. It's an honor."

 "Pursena Adorudia. It's an honor."

 "May you venture on the path of magic."

 Rinia and Pursena stand up looking majestic.

 They step up on the stage and receive their graduation certificates with class.

 During mating season, suitors popped up everywhere to confess their love, but they were all beaten senseless.

 Standing atop countless corpses, murmuring [We are too strong ~nya] [Merely empty words ~nano], that awe-inspiring sight still floats vividly inside my head.

 The image of a king.

 I see shadows of king of beasts behind their silhouettes.

 That night they spent their time in the tavern saying, [We don't need no man ~nya!] [That's right, men can get fucked ~nano!] and drowned themselves in alcohol.

 Part 3

 After the Graduation Ceremony wraps up, I drop by Nanahoshi's research lab.

 "Cough, cough"

 Nanahoshi is coughing and wrapped up like a ladybug.

 "Another cold?"

 "Cough… looks like it."

 Nanahoshi's health has been pretty bad this past year.

 Always with a dry cough or a fever.

 Every time I will cure her with Detoxification Magic.

 And soon after she'll get sick again.

 "Maybe you should start living a bit healthier."

 Nanahoshi basically never leaves the room.

 She will go outside when necessary, but she basically spent the whole year in the lab.

 She'll go to the cafeteria for lunch, but that's about it.

 Breakfast and dinner are just leftovers, everyday a repeat of this unhealthy lifestyle.

 Of course eventually her immune system will deteriorate, and she becomes easily sick.

 I don't want to tell her off, but she needs to take better care of herself.

 "At least until your cold gets better, how about a little break?"

 "Research is going well, so I shouldn't stop right now."

 After she said that, she turns towards a magic circle.

 Nanahoshi's research has indeed been going well.

 Few months ago Phase 2 was successfully completed.

 Summoned matching cap for the PET bottle from Phase 1.

 Now is Phase 3.

 Summon a living being, like a plant or small animal.

 That's currently underway.

 Just a bit more, and vegetables from the previous world may soon appear in this one.

 Going well indeed.

 "Today let's begin the Phase 3 experiment."

 "Shouldn't we wait for Cliff and Zanoba to be here?"

 "Ah, right. Then, can you go get them?"

 I shake my head.

 "Sorry, they have the day off."

 "Both on break? How rare, what's the occasion?"

 "Graduation Ceremony."

 "Graduation… Ah, is it that time already?"

 Nanahoshi frowns.

 She doesn't want to hear about the graduation ceremony.

 Because that marks another year she's stuck in this world.

 "Rinia and Pursena both graduated. They both plan to head home, so I want to have a farewell party for them. Please come as well."

 "… Eh, fine."

 Rinia and Pursena are among Nanahoshi's few female friends.

 Even though friends might be pushing it, but as farewell, she should participate as well.

 They seem to get along better than before.

 "They will probably become princesses when they get back."

 "I can't see it."

 "True."

 Will Dorudia Clan really be alright with those girls as matriarchs?

 Well, even if they don't look it, it should be fine if they're recognized as such.

 They should be fine.

 Knock knock!*

 While I was thinking, a door knock.

 "… Em? Come in."

 "Excuse me ~nya."

 "I'm coming in ~nano."

 Two familiar faces come in.

 A cheeky cat and a drowsy dog.

 Rinia and Pursena. Walk in majestically in their uniforms.

 "Boss, we were looking for you ~nya."

 "Please grant us your presence ~nano."

 But they feel different than usual.

 What's different?

 Is it because Rinia looks a little jittery?

 Or because Pursena isn't chewing some meat with her mouth?

 The same feeling as our initial meeting.

 Their usual self would be joking around like [Flirting in another girl's room when Fitts and Roxy-sama are not looking again ~nya.] [She'll get angry ~nano.] But right now they don't feel so light-hearted.

 Another duel?

 Settling the score before graduating?

 … I don't really like to fight to be honest.

 "Boss, please ~nya."

 "Please ~nano."

 Simple words, but I can feel their determination.

 From their eyes I can see their conviction.

 They won't leave if they lose. Don't tell me that's what they have in mind?

 They have their own pride.

 Well, fine.

 Since this is the end.

 I'll play along.

 I too am a man.

 It'd be bad if they decide to do something to Sylphy instead.

 "I understand. Nanahoshi, I'll leave for a bit."

 "Wait, what about the experiment?"

 Nanahoshi looks obviously angry.

 But Rinia grabs her shoulder.

 "You come too ~nya. Special permission ~nya."

 "Permitted ~nano."

 "Wait, hold on. Why?"

 They want Nanahoshi as their witness?

 I doubt Nanahoshi plans to testify for anyone.

 But Silent Seven Star is pretty famous.

 Having her as witness is definitely trustworthy.

 Part 4

 The scene changes to one of the school's empty fields.

 A required stop on the way to the student residences.

 Because it tightly hugs the forest, and is covered in snow, it's rather well hidden.

 "This will work ~nya."

 "… How nostalgic ~nano."

 This was once the location where Zanoba and I staged our kidnapping of Rinia and Pursena.

 The first time we fought was here, so in some ways a place filled with memories.

 And it's in this place, Rinia and Pursena stand before me.

 Standing around ten paces from each other.

 Facing each other.

 Not me.

 … Eh?

 "We hope Boss and Nanahoshi will be our witnesses ~nya."

 "For what?"

 "Rinia and I will decide once and for all who is stronger ~nano."

 In other words, a duel between Rinia and Pursena.

 "Why?"

 "The winner becomes head of Dorudia Clan ~nya."

 "But I thought Dedorudia and Adorudia are separate tribes, so there's no need for that?"

 If I remember correctly.

 Although I only spent time in Dorudia Village, but I remember hearing about Adorudia Village before.

 But, there can only be one clan head.

 So the [Dorudia Clan, Clan Head] oversees all the different tribes?

 "That was what we thought at first ~nya."

 "But recently we changed our mind ~nano. The world is huge ~nano. There's more to life than just being clan head ~nano."

 "We have sisters too ~nya. We can teach them what we learned from school even if there's only one of us going back ~nya."

 "Living a free life is more fun than becoming clan head ~nano."

 This again?

 What should I say.

 How aimless and irresponsible.

 You know, becoming clan head has been their life's dream, what happened to them that changed their minds?

 "Either way, we'll have to fight when we get back ~nya."

 "If we lose in the Great Forest, then we'll be forced into a boring life ~nano. They'll make us marry the strongest warrior in the village ~nano."

 "In that case, why not decide it once for all right here, and walk a different path ~nya."

 "That way we won't have any regrets ~nano."

 So clan head remains as their ultimate goal.

 And if they can't reach it, then live an interesting life outside of the Great Forest.

 Is that how it works?

 Eh, there's too many holes in this story.

 Rather, a lot of problems.

 For one, this isn't something for you to decide.

 But this is not my time to lecture them.

 They spent a lot of time thinking this through before coming to their decision.

 Hating being tied down at home, wanting to live a free life, I can sympathize with them.

 "I get it. In that case I won't stop you. Go ahead."

 "Is that fine? Letting them fight it out?"

 Nanahoshi doesn't look very happy.

 She's just a regular high school girl.

 She probably doesn't want to see her friends fight.

 "Even if I refuse to watch, they'll fight anyways."

 They're probably evenly matched.

 Without a judge, they might not be able to decide a winner.

 If something were to happen, then they need a 3rd party to step in.

 They definitely need a witness.

 Also, Nanahoshi isn't entirely correct, this isn't a fight, this is a duel.

 A "duel" to decide a "winner."

 "I appreciate it ~nya."

 "Thank you very much ~nano."

 Rinia and Pursena both give their thanks.

 Then, again face to face, deep breaths.

 And stare down one another.

 "Hsss!"

 "Grrr!"

 Menacing sounds that should not be possible for young maidens emit from them, checking each other.

 Tension fills the air.

 It'll start at any moment.

 I open my Demon Eye, and Nanahoshi wears a ring, a magic item.

 Starting now, these wild beasts will seriously try to kill each other.

 "Pursena. I've been meaning to tell you for a long time now, I have always hated you ~nya."

 "That's my line ~nano. Since Rinia was a baby you always stuck to my back ~nano. You're just a little sister, and now you dare to say that ~nano?"

 "Ha?! You're the little sister ~nya. Remember how when we're 4, Pursena, you pissed your pants and I helped you hide it ~nya? Adorudia never forgets a favor, so that was all talk ~nya."

 "It got wet because I was saving Rinia from drowning ~nano. Drowning, even though Dedorudia are supposed to be so graceful, how embarrassing ~nano."

 "That only happened because Pursena dropped the toy we borrowed from grandpa in the river ~nya!"

 "The one that dropped it was Rinia ~nano!"

 What is this?

 I don't feel a bit of hate in this argument.

 Anger, hostility, such feelings well up.

 But not an ounce of hate between them.

 Purposely bringing out old grudges to taunt each other.

 Like they can't go through with this if they don't.

 "Pursena is a cry baby!"

 "Rinia is an idiot!"

 They continue tossing insults at each other.

 Then it becomes juvenile.

 "Pursena is a dummy!"

 "Rinia is a shorty!"

 "Wha…! Pursena is a fatty!"

 "Ha, I am not fat!"

 The one that breaks is Pursena.

 The moment fat comes up, she snaps.

 "Garrr!"

 Pursena leaps forward.

 Plunging at Rinia with fist clenched.

 "Haa!"

 With cat-like reflexes Rinia reacted.

 Countering with a similar punch.

 "Grr…"

 "Ha…"

 Evenly matched.

 They stagger apart… the duel finally begins.

 Part 5

 "Ah! Pursena lunges forward!

 But Rinia dodges gracefully!

 Pursena pursues after Rinia like a heavy tank!

 Rinia uses hit & run tactics to counter Pursena's attack!

 Pursena might be stronger, but Rinia has the advantage of speed!

 Rinia has no chance of winning in a direct battle!

 But strength alone can't guarantee victory!

 If she can't catch her opponent, then that strength won't do a thing!

 Pursena fires a brilliant kick at Rinia! Jab! Straight!

 Rinia is too far! It wasn't effective! Just a step short!

 Ahh! A straight from Pursena blows up Rinia!

 Rinia is staggering! Pursena presses her attack!

 What will you do, Rinia? Run? Or will you take a stand?

 Rinia chooses to stand and counter!

 Left jab! Another Jab! A super fast jab!

 Pursena is getting exhausted!

 Rinia is the same!

 Strength-wise she might have a disadvantage, but she won't back down!

 Pursena withdraws, but her eyes shone like a foxhound!

 Pursena attacks from Rinia's right…!

 Ah-! Pursena is bleeding!

 Did Rinia pull out a knife?

 No! It's her claws! Rinia has extended her claws and scratched Pursena with her punches!

 Such a sharp cat attack!

 But it isn't playing dirty! It's a fight with everything you got!

 Rinia extends her claws, punch! Another punch! A left, right barrage!

 An entirely different pain from Pursena's hard knuckles!

 Suffering, Pursena covers her face…!

 Ah! Rinia's claws are tearing Pursena's cloth apart!

 You can almost see parts that shouldn't be seen!

 But! Pursena lets out a roar! She's fine!

 Pursena lands a hook on Rinia!

 Rinia winces in pain, a direct hit!

 Is Pursena going to win? Is it already decided?"

 "Since they can use anything, then why not use magic?"

 "Yes. Such close combat preclude any possibility of a magic battle. Because they immediately close the distance, there's no chance for incantation. If it was Sylphy and I, we might be able with voiceless invocation, but those two can only fist fight. In these kind of anaerobic activity, even basic words become difficult to say. Imagine asking a marathoner to sing as he runs. Impossible, right? Same idea--"

 "That makes sense. Sorry for interrupting your commentary. Please continue."

 "… Rinia stops moving!

 Infighting! A classic infight!

 It's looking bad for Rinia! Pursena's punches have thrown her off her pace!

 Hit & run has become impossible!

 Has Rinia become a butterfly without her wings? Will she be trampled on the ground by the victor?

 No, Because!

 Look! Miss! Rinia dodged!

 Rinia uses her cat-like reflexes and dodged!

 A counter! Cat punch smash!

 She scratched Pursena's cheek! Blood splattering! With a bounce Pursena tries to leap away!

 Rinia presses on!

 Rinia presses on!

 A Brazilian High Kick right at the knockers!

 Ah-! Pursena! It connected with Pursena!

 Wait, I see teeth! Pursena somehow managed to bite the leg that was aiming for her head!

 That's right, she's a wolf! Not knuckles, she has teeth!

 Just like Pursena has Rinia on the ground, smashed her down!

 Is Rinia done?

 But Pursena isn't the only one with teeth!

 Rinia flashes her shiny teeth and bites back!

 A death match between two beasts!"

 "All I see is a mess of a fight…"

 "Well, yeah, that's true too."

 "Hey, can I ask a question?"

 "Sure."

 "Those two are fighting so desperately, but why are you having so much fun with it?"

 "Sorry."

 Part 6

 It was a long struggle.

 First the insults fly, then the battle begins.

 The beginning was highly skilled close combat.

 But ended with them rolling around biting and scratching like kids.

 An intense struggle.

 Like playing on the snow as they fought.

 Then, at some point, they stop.

 And then only one stands.

 "I won ~nano…"

 It's Pursena.

 Her body covered in cuts.

 Her cloth torn, wet with snow, stained with blood.

 Bite and scratch marks cover her body, dripping with blood.

 A fierce figure.

 A proud figure.

 It's a figure that has overcame mortal combat.

 "…"

 Pursena sneers down at the Rinia still lying on the ground.

 For a brief moment showing some mixed emotions, then turns away.

 "I won ~nano."

 "Ah, um. Congratulations… Sit down, both of you let me heal you."

 I place a hand on her shoulder as I finish, but she flicks it off.

 "These scars are my pride, so I want to keep them all ~nano."

 "Thank you, but that's not necessary ~nya."

 "Really?"

 Pride?

 They were serious.

 Somewhere along the way, I thought they weren't, how embarrassing.

 "I don't know if I'll see Rinia again, a pity ~nano."

 "No, but you should at least have more chances before leaving?"

 "No ~nano. This is goodbye ~nano. We already packed up, and are leaving today ~nano."

 So everything was decided already.

 From now on they'll go their separate ways, and today decided everything.

 Somehow, so cool.

 Then, better not have that farewell party.

 Feels like it'll ruin the mood.

 "… No healing magic is fine, but how about I dress the wounds?"

 "I got it ~nano."

 I watch Pursena as she staggers towards the student housing.

 Then suddenly, Nanahoshi chases after her.

 She covers Pursena under her own jacket and lends her a shoulder to lean on.

 Nanahoshi has a gentle side too.

 … Okay, next.

 "Still alive?"

 I look down at Rinia on the ground.

 She hasn't lost consciousness.

 Just staring blankly up the sky.

 "Still alive ~nya."

 She's also a mess.

 Just as bad as Pursena.

 Her cloth torn with bite marks.

 Blood from her shoulder stain the snow red.

 Maybe because she took too many punches, her entire face is swollen.

 Spitting blood, but there should be no internal damage, just a few cuts in her mouth.

 "Ruining something so beautiful."

 "True ~nya."

 Suddenly I noticed, I can see Rinia's figure between her torn cloth.

 Hard not to stare.

 I take my jacket and put it over her.

 But it is rather cold.

 Nanahoshi lent her jacket too. Hopefully her cold won't get worse.

 "Thank you ~nya."

 Rinia wobbles to put her head under her hands.

 Lying on the ground relaxed, with her legs crossed.

 "Ahah… I lost ~nya."

 White vapor flies upward with every word.

 "It was a beautiful fight."

 "What beautiful fight ~nya? Boss's voice, we can hear everything ~nya. You were enjoying yourself ~nya."

 Um.

 Well, I should have read the mood.

 But it was an exciting fight.

 A cat fight.

 I mean, a passionate struggle between warriors under the limelight.

 No, if I make it a competition she might get mad again.

 "Well, what's important in the end is be happy ~nya."

 "Now I feel bad."

 "It's fine ~nya. For outsiders it'll just look like a quarrel ~nya. Be happy ~nya."

 With that said, Rinia covers her face.

 Must be licking her wounds.

 "You're not going to use healing magic?"

 "These are scars of a loser, so honestly I want them gone, but I will endure it this time ~nya. These kind of things will eventually become my pride ~nya."

 Do all the Beast Race I have fought treat their wounds as a source of pride?

 "…"

 Rinia looks to the sky in silence.

 "…"

 I look up as well.

 Unique to the North, a grey sky as far as the eye can see.

 Tonight will snow as well.

 "Well, what are you going to do now?"

 "From now on ~nya?"

 "You said a free life, but do you have anything you want to do?"

 "Yes ~nya. After traveling around for a bit, get into trade ~nya."

 Trade, huh?

 I have a bad feeling about this.

 I think she has better chances as an adventurer.

 "Any specifics?"

 "Of course ~nya."

 Rinia said confidently.

 As long as she knows what she's doing.

 No, it still feels wrong.

 If she goes about it so casually, she'll get in trouble.

 "If it all goes according to plan, in 5 years I can make a ton of money ~nya."

 "… Well, then, if you get in trouble, come ask for my help?"

 "Nyahaha. After I succeed, I'll lend money to Boss ~nya."

 Rinia seems rather opportunistic even though she lost.

 She might have decided on her own, but now she's no longer bound by home. She has won her freedom.

 Or maybe, she's just putting up an act.

 Regardless, her face reads, it's finally over.

 Part 7

 Rinia and Pursena did not say goodbye to anyone else.

 They each return to the student housing at separate times. After dressing their wounds, they immediately took their luggage and left the school.

 Nanahoshi and I each watched Pursena and Rinia leave by themselves.

 Neither said much more.

 They just asked us to let Zanoba and Cliff know.

 They also apologized to Sylphy and Ariel.

 Pursena will head back to the Great Forest and work hard to become the next clan head.

 I don't know the details, but Rinia will do as she planned.

 They do not plan to meet again.

 That was the plan.

 This kind of lifestyle is so cool.

 A bit of gossip.

 That night, I heard a rumor.

 "Someone saw two Beast Race girls with luggage quarreling at a public carriage stop."

 Supposedly.

 I guess they forgot to schedule separate times at the public carriage and accidentally ran into each other.

 How careless.

 ---

 Coming year:

 3rd Year: Norn (Bancho's Sister), Elinalise (Old Elf)

 4th Year: Rudeus (Water King Class Magician)

 5th Year: Zanoba (Figure Monster), Cliff (Normie )

 6th Year: Nanahoshi (Summoning Sister)

 7th Year: Ariel (Asura Second Princess), Sylphy (Mother of 1), Luke (Hot Guy)

 Graduated: Rinia (Loser, Cat), Pursena (Winner, Dog)

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
