Volume 14  11 — Fourth Phase

Volume 14 Chapter 11 - Fourth Phase

 

 Part 1

 Days after the graduation ceremony.

 Right now I'm looking at a giant magic circle.

 At first glance it looks like a brick.

 Actually a stack of A2-sized paper with magic circles covering the front and back.

 At least 100 sheets or so tall.

 Wooden frames keep the stack together on four corners, and the frame also has a magic circle drawn on it.

 Probably a magic tool of sorts.

 Construction has taken a really long time.

 I helped, but it has mostly been Nanahoshi.

 "If you please."

 Standing besides the magic circle, Nanahoshi said.

 Cliff and Zanoba beside her.

 They also helped with the research.

 Thus they also want to witness the research advance as well.

 Nanahoshi was reluctant, but since it's their right to ask, she caved eventually.

 That's the excuse, but honestly they're there in case Nanahoshi goes berserk if it fails again.

 And to help console Nanahoshi.

 Consoled by the opposite sex, it should have some effect.

 Men and women together, it has worked for me.

 At least find a few guys to pamper her.

 Head to a tavern somewhere, order some Dom Perignon, and go crazy.

 Cliff, Zanoba, the three of us.

 But this time I feel confident.

 Cliff guaranteed it when the blueprint was outlined.

 Thanks to the prosthetic limb research, Cliff's skills have reached another level.

 It should work… probably.

 Okay.

 "Magic injection begins."

 I place a hand over the edge of the magic circle.

 "…"

 My magic begins pouring in.

 Rapidly magic is sucked from my palm.

 The consumption rate is incredible.

 Probably beyond the capacity of anyone else.

 Thinking carefully, it's obvious.

 Back in the days, Sylphy was exhausted after just a single one of these magic circles, so equivalent to an advanced level magic in consumption.

 And now we have 100 of them.

 Although Cliff helped limit the magic consumption, so it's not 100 times, it should at least still be 10, 20 times the usual.

 "How time consuming. We should improve on this area a bit…"

 "Shh."

 Cliff murmurs to himself, but Nanahoshi stops him.

 Blood-like, magic streams continuously from my heart.

 The magic circles shine in reaction to the magic power.

 Nothing feels off this time.

 And the magic flow has been normal.

 Light from the magic circle outlines complex patterns.

 Colors changing constantly.

 Yellow, red, purple, white…

 Deja vu.

 I have seen these lights before.

 Metastasis Event.

 The same colors as back then.

 What do I do? Should I stop?

 If it happens now, then Zanoba and Cliff will fall in as well.

 No, it might lead to a bigger disaster.

 Sylphy and Norn have school today too.

 No, not just the school, the city, Lucy, everything…

 But, nothing strange thus far.

 In the first place, the magic circle we made doesn't have that kind of power.

 We spent a long time gaining experience to prevent that from happening.

 It'll work.

 It's fine; it'll work.

 "…!"

 Light glows brighter.

 Then, it begins to dim.

 Dong.

 A soft noise.

 Magic flow quickly ceased.

 Light disappears from the magic circle.

 "…"

 Middle of the magic circle.

 A green object.

 A pretty round thing patterned black and green.

 A shiny, watery item from earth, in patterns of black and green.

 A watermelon.

 "Success!"

 "Awesome!"

 Nanahoshi stands up, a victory pose.

 "Congratulations, Shisho!"

 "We did it!"

 Cliff and Zanoba applause cheerfully.

 "Say…"

 Cliff approaches the watermelon in anticipation and pokes it.

 "Green and yellow, what an inauspicious exterior… Can I hold it? Will it bite?"

 "Okay, but don't drop it. It's unexpectedly fragile."

 "Oh… It's rather heavy."

 Cliff picks up the watermelon with curiosity and looks all over it.

 A watermelon's color does look rather unlucky.

 For people of this world, the black and green pattern is something to be feared.

 The inside is blood red too, of course it looks a bit disgusting.

 But this world has many strangely shaped fruits and vegetables as well.

 If we search carefully, it's possible that something like watermelon exists in this world too.

 I think I remember seeing some kind of a melon before.

 "Hey, Nanahoshi."

 "What?"

 "Now that I think about it, wouldn't summoning a Yubari King be better? Since that's a hybrid cultivar, it definitely wouldn't exist in this world."

 "You… do you even know the difference between regular and hybrid melons?"

 Having her say that, I was a bit stumped as well.

 At best, I can tell prince melon and cantaloupe apart.

 "Anyways, I can't go that detailed yet. Actually, I was trying to summon a cabbage this time."

 Subtle emotion surfaces as Nanahoshi said.

 This world has vegetables like cabbage too.

 So could we tell the difference?

 Figure out whether we summoned a cabbage from this world or the other.

 I'm no farmer.

 Neither is Nanahoshi.

 Summoning vegetables might have been a mistake from the start.

 "…"

 No, it's fine.

 An experiment is based on theory, and we have results.

 Then, this watermelon should be fine.

 Although we can't confirm whether it's from this world.

 But, all in all, watermelon is watermelon.

 Calling it a success isn't a lie.

 "Well, since it's a success, let's celebrate!"

 Zanoba looks uninterested, probably because it wasn't doll shaped.

 "Ah, fine."

 Badigadi, Pursena, and Rinia.

 Those lively people are gone.

 The party will feel a bit shabby without them.

 But, let's put that aside for now.

 Part 2

 That night we hosted a banquet.

 Pursena and Rinia are gone.

 But Roxy and Norn sub in for them.

 By count, only Badigadi is short.

 Lost a few lively folks, but gain a few more family.

 The mood is different, but that's not a bad thing.

 Nanahoshi chugs down mugs of beer on one hand, holding Julie like a doll on her lap with her other, while chatting with Elinalise.

 Elinalise has a loving smile as she listens to Nanahoshi.

 Zanoba and Cliff are busy discussing something with Roxy.

 From the look on their faces, they're talking about the research.

 "Okay, here Rudi."

 "Ah, thank you, Sylphy."

 Sitting besides me, Sylphy pours me a drink.

 "Sylphy's not drinking today?"

 "I'm weird when I'm drunk, so I'm going to hold back today."

 "… Really?"

 "We're not staying out tonight, and I need to say goodnight with Lucy afterwards."

 "I understand."

 But I think Sylphy is so cute when she's drunk.

 That uninhibited flirting.

 But that kind of self control shows off her motherly side too.

 As I think and flirt with Sylphy, Roxy comes over.

 "Rudi, may I?"

 "Em?"

 "Pull out a chair for me?"

 Following her instructions I pull out a chair, but instead she decides to sit on my lap.

 Her hair before my eyes.

 I can feel her butt on my thighs.

 This. How wonderful.

 Ah, this is bad.

 "Roxy, are you drunk?"

 Sylphy asks with a forced smile.

 "A little."

 Looking carefully, Roxy looks a little flush.

 She usually doesn't drink at all, how strange.

 Am I witnessing a rare moment when Roxy lets loose?

 "Phew~"

 Roxy leans against me.

 Pushing her weight gently on my chest.

 I can hear her heart beating.

 Amazing, from this angle, if I pull just a little on her robe I might see what's inside.

 What should I do?

 I want to see.

 Let's get her a little more drunk.

 "How nice… I want a turn."

 "Of course, Sylphy."

 If not, Roxy on my left, and Sylphy on my right works too.

 Few days ago when we're sleeping together. It was also Roxy left, Sylphy right. That was amazing.

 Happiness overflowing from both hands kind of feeling.

 "… Brother."

 Oops, with my perverted thoughts exposed, Norn has been staring.

 No good, no good.

 Without realizing it, I have been neglecting Norn.

 She's not familiar with many in this circle.

 She probably met everyone already, but I doubt they have had many conversations.

 All she did was stare quietly at me from the start.

 "Sorry, Norn. You're probably not used to this."

 "No, it's fine. I have something I need to talk about, can I?"

 "Ah, sure."

 I sit Roxy on the chair nearby and turn to face Norn.

 "Em. Well, it's about the Student Council."

 "Oh, that thing."

 On Graduation Day.

 Norn was sitting at the back seat for the Student Council.

 Norn looked troubled when I spotted her. It made an impression.

 "Ariel-sama invited me. She said although my grades are not spectacular, I have the drive."

 "So that's what happened… Does Sylphy know about this?"

 "Yes. I'm aware."

 I ask Sylphy and she nods to confirm.

 I guess she knew.

 If I have to guess, Roxy should know too. When I turn to check, Roxy purposely looked away. So she knew too!

 The only one that doesn't is me.

 What the heck?

 "Sorry. Norn-chan said she wanted to tell you herself, so I kept quiet."

 "Is that so?"

 Sylphy looks troubled as she apologizes.

 Maybe she's not drinking precisely for this.

 Norn continues with a troubled expression.

 "So, brother. May I officially join the Student Council?"

 Of course.

 I was just about to answer when I stop myself.

 Norn is already busy with two things.

 Sword training and writing.

 The book doesn't have to be hurried, just once a week is enough. We can even take a break and start again in a few years, but sword training needs to be done daily.

 Sword training and regular studies.

 And Student Council on top of that, can Norn handle all that?

 Norn isn't worse than others, but she isn't particularly good either.

 Can she juggle 3-4 things at once?

 "Norn."

 "Yes."

 "Can you handle so many things at once?"

 "…"

 Norn bites her lips.

 Maybe she realizes herself that it might be too much pressure.

 "I'm not against you joining the Student Council, but will you give up halfway?"

 "I won't."

 "You started writing and sword training on your own too. Well, writing was originally my job, so let's ignore that. What about sword training then? School too, third year will be even harder."

 "I'll work hard at school and sword training too."

 Easier said than done.

 But doing so many things at once.

 If you chase two rabbits, you will surely lose them both.

 "Rudi."

 Sylphy looks at me worriedly.

 "Norn-chan. She has done well up to now."

 Really?

 Up to now. Indeed.

 But what about in the long term?

 Will she crash and burn?

 "Say, how long has she been helping?"

 "Over a year at the Student Council. I remember since it was when Rudi left on his journey."

 "Eh? Wow, that's a long time."

 During my journey.

 In other words, even before sword training with me?

 … Eh?

 "Don't worry, Rudi. I guarantee it. Even after Norn-chan becomes an official member of the Student Council, she can do it all, and she won't cave halfway."

 Sylphy sounds convincing.

 Really?

 So it's not a question of whether she can handle it, they drop the question after knowing for sure it can be done.

 In that case, who am I to disagree?

 "Yes… Norn has always been working hard."

 While I'm not looking, Norn has been doing her best.

 That makes me really happy.

 A happiness hard to put into words.

 "I get it. Although I don't think she needs my permission for this, but I'll permit it. Norn. Please work hard from now on."

 "Yes, brother! Thank you!"

 Norn bows happily.

 Ultimately, it's up to her.

 But cheering her on is the job of us around her.

 So I'll do my best to cheer her on.

 While I was thinking, I suddenly hear Nanahoshi's voice.

 "Let's cut the watermelon."

 Everyone got a slice of the watermelon we summoned today.

 It's sweeter than I remembered, but a little dry.

 Definitely from California.

 Putting the taste aside.

 I noticed one thing when we cut it open.

 It's seedless.

 That growing method should be unknown in this world.

 In other words, it's a success.

 Part 3

 The banquet reaches its climax.

 Maybe that's a bit off.

 Nanahoshi singing; Norn dancing.

 Zanoba talks dolls with Norn.

 Sylphy is taking care of the wasted Roxy.

 Cliff and Elinalise are busying themselves.

 With the banquet coming to a close, I feel a particular fatigue.

 Letting the alcohol take over, I lean against my chair.

 This feels nice.

 "… Well done."

 Just now, Nanahoshi comes beside me.

 "… Cough, cough…"

 Nanahoshi looks unwell.

 Unwell because of drinking?

 If she has a cold, she should have held off on the alcohol.

 "Want me to help with detox?"

 "… Please."

 I cast detoxification and healing magic on her, and she finally looks more relaxed.

 Looking a little better, she can finally relax.

 "Anyways, thank you. With this done, we can proceed to the next stage."

 "That's fine."

 I have been assisting Nanahoshi's research for 3 years now.

 Time sure has passed fast.

 Compared to Phase 1, Phase 2 and 3 have been easy.

 Of course Zanoba and Cliff helped too, but it has proceeded far smoother than my anticipation.

 "If I remember right, Phase 4 is to summon an animal."

 "That's right. I have a friend in this area, so I plan to go ask about it."

 The summoning expert she mentioned before?

 "Don't tell me it's Orsted."

 "No. Although Orsted can use summoning magic too, it's someone else."

 Someone else.

 Say, Orsted even knows summoning magic.

 As the Hitogami said, Orsted really knows all the techniques of this world.

 But using and knowing are separate issues.

 Innovator and user are two different things.

 "So I have a suggestion."

 "What is it?"

 "I have yet to reward you for the PET bottle experiment, right?"

 "Oh yeah."

 Now that she mentions it, I really did forget it.

 Back then, I was busy taking care of Lucy.

 People won't ask for more once they're satisfied.

 "Including this time's favor, how about I introduce that person to you?"

 "Introductions?"

 "Honestly speaking, if you're interested in summoning magic, then learning directly from him would be better."

 Well, I don't really want to learn other world summoning.

 True, summoning various things from the other world can be rather useful.

 I also want to try to summon a baby bottle or a stroller.

 But I can live without them.

 I'm content with what I have.

 But I'm rather interested in regular summoning magic.

 I probably won't have many opportunities to use this, so it's purely out of curiousity.

 If I want to understand the cause of the Metastasis Event, then this knowledge is indispensable.

 "Is that person that big of a deal that he's worth two favors?"

 "Em. Perhaps he can do something about your mother's memory loss as well."

 "What…?"

 Hearing that, I couldn't help but jump up.

 Norn leans over too, probably wanting more details as well.

 "Really?"

 "I don't know for sure, but he has lived for a long time. There's a good chance he might know a way."

 Cure Zenith's memory loss.

 Although I think her recovery has been rather smooth.

 But we don't know if her memory can really be recovered.

 Even if there's no cure, but if we can figure out the name and cause of her illness, along with my knowledge from the past world, then maybe we can do something about it.

 My knowledge of the past life is so-so, but it's possible.

 "Are you talking about Nanahoshi's Shisho?"

 "If possible, please introduce me as well."

 I don't know when, but Zanoba and Cliff have come over as well.

 Elinalise sticking behind Cliff.

 She's busying herself with his ear. I don't know what for, but at least she looks happy.

 "Well… You helped too. I can make the introduction."

 Nanahoshi looks a little troubled.

 Probably not an easy character to talk about.

 "Ah, me too!"

 While I was thinking, Sylphy leans over as well.

 Roxy fell asleep on a row of chairs.

 Norn is probably not interested, she's watching us from a distance beside Roxy.

 If we do go, then they probably want to join too.

 Including Nanahoshi that's 7 in all.

 "Wouldn't it be troublesome with so many people?"

 "… That should be fine. He said 12 or less is fine. Even if everyone goes it should not be a problem."

 Nanahoshi nods, looking composed.

 Basically, Zanoba and Cliff want to go.

 But if Nanahoshi's side is okay with it, then I don't have a reason to refuse.

 "Will the visit take long?"

 A few months walk?

 Maybe a bit faster with using the teleportation ruins.

 Traveling to the teleportation ruins alone takes 5 days.

 To and from, that's 10 days.

 Including the rest of the trip, it'll take at least a month.

 With Lucy here, I don't want to stay away for so long.

 "It only takes a day if we want."

 "Ah, that's awfully close. So you meet often then?"

 Only a day?

 So only 2 days of travel.

 Even if we stay over for a few days, then we can be back in a week.

 At that distance, we might as well bring Lucy too.

 "Distance-wise it's not particularly close. We don't meet very often either. But if we do, there's a way."

 Communication via magic tool?

 Although I have yet to see a magic tool like telephones, I have seen instant teleportation.

 Then, maybe telephone exists too.

 Mails take a long time to send.

 But if they have something setup already, then it could be faster and easier.

 Like a signal flare or something.

 "Ah I see. Then, who's this person you speak of."

 Nanahoshi frowns.

 She looks around at all the customers around us, then signals us to come closer.

 Like telling a secret we put our heads together.

 Nanahoshi quietly said.

 "Promise you won't tell?"

 We all nod after Nanahoshi asked.

 Then, she said.

 "Armored Dragon King Perugius."

 400 years ago, the one that led humans to victory in the Laplace Campaign, one of the three heroes who vanquished the Demon god.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
