Volume 15  5 — Towards Demon Continent Once Again

Volume 15 Chapter 5 - Towards Demon Continent Once Again

 

 Part 1

 The plan is simple.

 First, with Perugius's assistance, head to the Magic Continent.

 Find Kishirika Kishirisu.

 Ask if she knows a cure, or knows someone who does.

 Indeed it's quite simple.

 If only the Great Demon Empress Kishirika Kishirisu would stay put on a throne overseeing a city somewhere.

 But I know Kishirika wanders the Magic Continent.

 Meeting her is all up to chance.

 Who knows how many months it'll take.

 Perugius said that he has magic teleportation circles near all major cities in the Magic Continent.

 Thinking about it, magic teleportation circles are truly terrifying.

 Especially when he can teleport anywhere in the world from this castle, an incredible threat.

 After all, there's no way to attack this castle in the sky, yet there's no defense against it.

 So it's understandable why the art has long been forbidden.

 Even though Orsted and Perugius have both been using them in secret.

 This world probably has quite a few guys secretly breaking the rules.

 It might be cheating, but that's the nature of this world.

 Those magic teleport circles probably aren't used by Orsted alone.

 Anyways, find Kishirika.

 Just like Roxy had done before, search one city at a time.

 Who knows how long it'll take.

 But it shouldn't take more than a year.

 Since teleporting only takes a day.

 The problem is what if Kishirika and us pass each other somewhere.

 About that, I think I'll ask the Adventurer's Guild for assistance.

 Reward for the capture of the Great Empress of the Demon Realm.

 Capture Kishirika.

 Must be alive.

 ALIVE ONLY.

 I gather everyone together and lay out my plan.

 Ariel, Luke, Cliff, Zanoba, Elinalise.

 And also Sylphy.

 Sylphy regained consciousness while I was talking with Perugius.

 But her exhaustion is obvious.

 She was thin to begin with, but now she's more frail than ever.

 She should rest for at least 5 more days.

 "Everyone, please lend a hand for Nanahoshi's sake."

 When I said that, Ariel nods in approval.

 "Then, I can provide some magic tools."

 Ariel removes the magic rings she's wearing and hands it to me.

 A pair of matching rings, when injected with magic, both gemstones will shine together.

 Useful for an emergency, seems like a secret magic tool of the Asura Kingdom.

 Although I don't know what for, I'm sure it'll come in handy.

 Reminds me of a pager.

 "Zanoba and Elinalise, please accompany me."

 I ask Zanoba and Elinalise to be my guards.

 No matter what, Zanoba is a miko.

 Even if we were to fight a hydra, he can probably come in handy.

 Because I lack touki, I'm weak defensively, but with [Disturb Magic] and absorbing magical stones my resistance against magic is strong.

 With Zanoba as forward guard, we can even take that hydra.

 But, I can't bare to see Zanoba die for my selfish desires, so with Elinalise as support I feel reassured.

 "I…"

 "Cliff-senpai, I'd like you to make a magic tool."

 Honestly, I don't know whether we can find a cure.

 Kishirika might not know either.

 So this trip might be a waste of time.

 To avoid this, we should try different approaches.

 Nanahoshi's illness seems similar to a curse.

 With some adjustments to his research, maybe Cliff can develop a magic tool to extend Nanahoshi's lifespan.

 "I want to go too!"

 Even though I thought so, Cliff refused.

 "Please take me, I want to help Nanahoshi as well."

 But continuing his research will help Nanahoshi too.

 But Cliff probably wants to do more than that.

 Like if he just continues as usual, he won't feel like he's really done anything for Nanahoshi.

 "Please, Rudeus, even I could understand her want for returning home."

 Cliff begging like this.

 Now that I think about it, he has been away from home for a long time too.

 Height-wise he might look only 15, but he's already 19.

 I heard he left the Holy Kingdom of Milis almost 6-7 years ago.

 Although the home Nanahoshi looks to return to isn't the same as Cliff's.

 But their intent is the same.

 "Fine."

 "Really?"

 Well, with Elinalise coming along and Nanahoshi frozen in time, he won't have many opportunities for research.

 Yeah, no reason to force it.

 If we confirm that there's no cure, or if we can't find Kishirika, then we can focus on research instead.

 "Yes. I'll be in your care, Cliff-senpai."

 Let's shorten the search period a bit, so we can get back to research in time.

 Half a year is enough.

 "… Then, is there… anything I… can do?"

 Finally, Sylphy asks, looking unwell.

 She has yet to recover.

 She can't travel with us.

 Besides…

 "Sylphy, please rest here for now."

 "Em, and then?"

 "After rest…"

 I'm hesitant over what I'm about to say.

 "I wish for Sylphy to return home to care for Lucy."

 "Eh?"

 Sylphy looks visibly gloomy, but I continue anyways.

 "It might be a long time before I can return home this time. I don't think it's good for both parents to disappear on her."

 For children, parents' presence is absolutely necessary… I don't have to say that.

 But it's because Paul and Zenith exists, that I'm who I am.

 For children, it's better for the parents to rear them personally.

 Of course, absence for a week or two won't be a big deal.

 But not a few months.

 "Ah, that. You're right. If Rudi isn't here, then I need to take care of Lucy."

 "Sorry."

 "Um."

 Even though Sylphy has been informed that Nanahoshi's collapse isn't her fault, she still want to help somehow.

 "Sylphy has done enough. Leave the rest to me."

 "Em…"

 Sylphy nods with regrets.

 Of course she loves Lucy.

 But at 10, she was forced to stand on her own after the Metastasis Event.

 Without a last goodbye, both her parents passed.

 She did well despite that.

 Despite some twists and turns, she found a job, got married, and managed to live on.

 So for her, maybe parents may not be that great of a presence.

 Or perhaps, even children without parents can grow and prosper is the wisdom of this land.

 Sylphy is only 18.

 People won't change that much, just because of childbirth.

 It was only through caring for my own, did my thinking start to change.

 When I was 18 in the previous world, children didn't even cross my mind.

 In comparison, Sylphy is exceptional.

 I will help Nanahoshi. Sylphy will stay at home.

 I hope she won't feel jealous.

 "But won't Roxy complain? Roxy knows the Magic Continent the best."

 "That too. Well, if we're in trouble, I'll talk to Roxy about it."

 Roxy isn't present.

 No matter the reason, Perugius will not allow a Magic Race to enter the castle.

 She tried to come but was refused.

 Besides, Roxy has her teaching career.

 She's finally getting used to the rhythm of work.

 She can't quit with only a year on the job.

 I will help Nanahoshi.

 But, I also need to maintain my current lifestyle.

 Lifestyle is important.

 Both are important.

 That's why, I need to protect Sylphy and Roxy.

 Of course, that's also because I'm selfish.

 I don't think I'm always right.

 But right now I don't want Roxy and Sylphy to face danger.

 I don't want them to die in front of me like Paul.

 Even though perfect security doesn't exist in this world.

 Compared to the Magic Continent, Magic City Sharia should be much less dangerous.

 "Please don't do anything like lose your hand again."

 Sylphy looks uneasy.

 "I'll be careful."

 Staying safe is why I'm bringing Zanoba and Elinalise along.

 But if they're in a life or death situation, even sacrificing my right hand I'll help them.

 Of course, I don't want to die either…

 I won't make a mistake again.

 Part 2

 I went home again and explained the situation to Roxy and rest of the family.

 Aisha cried when I said I might not be home for a long time.

 But this time coming and going would be easy.

 I plan to come back every once a while.

 Like going on a business trip.

 I'm saying that going for a long time is just in case.

 The magic teleportation circles might suddenly stop working, and I might not return.

 "Well, please take care."

 "I understand, Rudi take care as well."

 Although I was worried that Roxy wanted to come too, but after listening to my explanations, she bluntly accepts staying home.

 That slightly disappoints me.

 Well, looks like I'll travel many times to Sky Castle now, so preparations are important.

 Accidents might happen.

 Perugius said, even if the magic teleport circles stop working, he'll come get me if I use the magic tool near any monuments to the Seven

 Great Major Powers.

 Not that I don't believe him, but you never know.

 For example, if we leave and all of a sudden Laplace revived, then he might be too busy to help.

 Additionally, I brought some Spirit of Light scrolls and other convenient items.

 All set.

 Part 3

 The magic teleportation circle lies below ground of the Sky Castle.

 The castle in the sky isn't just expansive above ground, but below as well.

 Not just that, but underground is even more sophisticated.

 Just a few levels down it becomes almost maze like.

 The castle grounds are probably made for guests. It's below ground that's the real deal.

 "We're here."

 Sylvaril led us to a particular room 3 levels below ground.

 A place easy to find once you know the directions.

 No lighting in the room, but the magic circle shines pale white, illuminating the room.

 "Perugius-sama just completed this magic circle to reconnect with an abandoned one on the Magic Continent."

 "Abandoned?"

 "It happens often with teleport magic. Destroy the magic circle on one side, and the other side stops working as well."

 Teleport circles come in pairs.

 But you can repair a broken one and use it again.

 Magic circles of this world really come in all kinds.

 "These kinds of magic circles are all under Perugius-sama's control?"

 "Perugius-sama is indeed a great man."

 Sylvaril sounds proud.

 Speaking of which, drawing magic teleportation circles.

 In these situation, making ones at will to connect everywhere sounds quite convenient…

 But, because it's forbidden, he probably won't want to teach me.

 Well, if I push my luck, I might end up making all sorts of enemies, so I shouldn't be greedy.

 Nor should I forget that others can use them too.

 For example, if a violent magic beast accidentally stumbles into one. It's possible.

 If my magic teleport circles end up destroying a village or something, I'd have nightmares.

 "Perugius-sama said this magic circle should get you close to the Great Demon Empress."

 "Does Perugius-sama have any lead to Kishirika's whereabouts?"

 "Of course."

 Really?

 He has a lead.

 I thought I'd be on my own once I get there.

 "But he could be wrong as well."

 "… True."

 The Demon Empress I know is unpredictable.

 We might think she's somewhere, and by the time we get there, she has already disappeared somewhere else.

 Her fiance Badigadi is the same…

 Ah, right, Badigadi too.

 I haven't seen him in a while. Maybe he returned to his domain already.

 He has lived a long time as well, contacting him might give some result as well.

 "I understand. We shall go investigate."

 "We haven't confirmed the situation on the other side yet. The exit might be sealed as well. Be careful."

 "Sealed?"

 "The entrance might be destroyed to keep it hidden."

 If there's no entrance, then it can't be found.

 I see. That makes sense.

 Sure people will look for trapdoors, but few will take a pickaxe and start wailing on walls.

 Ancient Egyptians invented this technique.

 Archaeologists have to pay special attention to seemingly empty graves.

 Maybe that's how teleportation ruins were discovered as well.

 "Em, if it doesn't work, then we'll return early."

 "May the fortune of war be with you."

 With Sylvaril's blessing we entered the magic teleportation circle.

 Part 4

 How many times have I teleported by now?

 Metastasis Event, to and from Begaritt Continent, and also Perugius's magic tool.

 All in all, this is the fifth time.

 Like waking up from a dream, I'm getting used to this sensation.

 "Phew."

 After the teleport, we arrived at a dark room.

 The air is thick and moldy.

 It has been abandoned for a long time.

 No lights.

 Not even a candlestick.

 Basically a ruin.

 Ah, I forgot to ask where we're going.

 "Achoo!"

 Cliff sneezes behind me.

 I turn around to look. The other three have already stepped off the magic circle.

 Elinalise is used to this. Zanoba pompously walking around.

 Zanoba curiously studying the magic circle.

 "Too dusty here, let's head out as soon as possible."

 As Zanoba said that, I start looking for an exit.

 "Eh?"

 I see a wall.

 Nothing like a door.

 No ladder, not even a hole in the ceiling.

 I carefully inspect the floor. Yep, no way out.

 It's a secret room.

 If Sylvaril's right, the room has been sealed.

 "Em, well, where's the exit?"

 "Um."

 We split up to look.

 Up, down, left, right, B, A.

 "Found it."

 After a while, Elinalise discovered space behind a wall.

 Looks like she discerned it by knocking.

 Maybe it's too thick, but I couldn't tell even when pressing an ear against it.

 As expected of the Long Ear race.

 "Okay. All yours, Zanoba."

 "Um."

 With a single punch, Zanoba punched a hole in the wall.

 A huge hole on the wall some 50 CM thick.

 As easy as tearing down a sand castle, he expanded the hole until it has room enough for one.

 With Zanoba bracing, Elinalise passes through.

 "I'll check ahead."

 Complete darkness on the other side.

 You can't even see your hand.

 We know this is a stone structure, but that's pretty much it.

 We don't even know if we're underground or not.

 "Rudeus, lights please."

 As instructed, I take out a Spirit of Light scroll and used it to illuminate the area.

 We saw a room 10 meters ahead.

 "Ugh."

 Cliff screams when he saw the room.

 Bones scattered everywhere on the floor.

 As expected of the Magic Continent, bones of various shapes, almost like they're fabricated.

 "Looks like this was a prison."

 Elinalise said after inspecting the bones. On what's left of the arms and legs rusted cuffs can be seen.

 Cliff looks pained, placing his hand in prayer.

 "Oh… Milis-sama please save these lost souls."

 I imitate Cliff in prayer.

 Namusanbou, namusanbou.

 Rest in peace.

 Sorry to disturb you. We'll leave quickly.

 "Let's go."

 Speaking of which, there are bones everywhere.

 How many were jailed here?

 They probably never expected that there's a magic teleportation circle just a wall away.

 Wait, no, I remember Perugius only recently reconnected this abandoned magic teleportation circle.

 In other words, they were moved here before the magic circle was repaired.

 If that's true, it leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

 "There's a ladder, let's head up."

 There's a ladder at the corner of the room.

 Even though there's prisoners, they weren't fenced in.

 Thinking that, I notice some rusted hinges fallen on the floor.

 Maybe a wooden door once, but worn away by decay after a few thousand years.

 Em, oh well.

 In front of the ladder is a metal lid.

 It's a door that opens upwards. Basically, a lid.

 Elinalise checks for traps before attempting to push it open. It wouldn't open.

 Something heavy is pressing against it.

 "Okay. Go, Zanobarobo. Open it!"

 "R-Robo? … Got it."

 Zanoba puts his hands against the door and pushes hard.

 A heavy groan, but the door starts to open, dust and soil come flying down.

 "Ugh."

 "I'll handle the soil, keep going."

 "G-got it, Shisho."

 With all his might, Zanoba pushes the incredibly heavy door.

 I use magic to get rid of all the fallen soil.

 The door opens.

 Sunlight shines from above.

 Looks like the door leads outside.

 When the door opens enough to fit through, Elinalise sneaks under it and exits.

 "It's clear."

 After waiting for her signal, we head out as well.

 Part 5

 Outside is a steep slope.

 Below the horizon a russet land.

 Giant boulders scattered everywhere, a place of extremes with many highs and lows.

 And on the far side, the Magic Continent special: a forest like fish bones.

 And here and there lumbering Great Land Turtles.

 How nostalgic.

 "SO this is the Magic Continent…!"

 Cliff gasps as he speaks, spying warily down the slope.

 No city in sight.

 Is Kishirika really around here?

 We need to find the nearest town and head there.

 But where the hell are we?

 Maybe we should head back and check with Sylvaril first.

 No, before that, let's investigate our surroundings.

 "Cliff-senpai, the Magic Continent has a great many dangerous and herding magic beasts. Please be careful."

 "Ah, I got it."

 Cliff nods seriously.

 This is a dangerous land.

 If he treats it like the Central Continent or Milis, even capable warriors may die.

 "No magic beasts around us. It's safe."

 Of course Elinalise will never be that careless.

 Neither was I… At least I think I wasn't.

 Although I had Ruijerd back then, so maybe I still held some naive notions about the Magic Continent.

 But my experience at Begaritto Continent should be useful.

 "Also, I'm afraid you won't find many followers of Milis here. Their philosophy may be different, so please avoid getting in a fight with others for no reason."

 "Oh. That, you're right. I know."

 Maybe I'm being a little arrogant.

 But Cliff has never been around the Magic Race before.

 We need to avoid getting into confrontations for every little thing like Eris did.

 "It's fine. Cliff doesn't even speak the Demon God language."

 Elinalise adds in.

 She doesn't either.

 For the two years she spent traveling the Demon Continent, she almost exclusively relied on Roxy.

 Well, she did learn all the vocabularies needed for H-stuff.

 Cliff would probably faint if he finds out.

 But that's the curse's fault too.

 "Shisho!"

 While wondering those things, Zanoba has climbed up a hill, shouting.

 Does he even have careful in his vocabulary?

 Of course not. Even falling off a cliff won't faze that guy.

 Ah, oh well.

 "What did you see!?"

 Climbing as we said.

 "Oh."

 End of the slope is a steep cliff.

 And behind the cliff a scene you couldn't help but stare.

 "Wow, amazing…"

 Cliff exclaims.

 We stand atop a great crater.

 A town stretches below us.

 At the center of the crater a black-gold castle inside rests half ruined.

 Surrounded by the huge town.

 "So this is where he sent us…"

 I recognize this city.

 One of the Three Great Towns of the Magic Continent.

 A crater-shaped natural wall prevents magic beasts from entering.

 After nightfall, magic stones inside the crater illuminates the city.

 I know the castle as well.

 This was once the seat of the Great Demon Emperor Kishirika Kishirisu, destroyed in Laplace's war with the Demon Kings.

 Once known as Old Kishirisu Castle.

 Also, for me, a place of unhappy memories.

 Rikarisu Town.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
