Volume 15  6 — Search for Kishirika

Volume 15 Chapter 6 - Search for Kishirika

 

 Part 1

 Rikarisu Town.

 Lots of memories here.

 Even now, I remember it like yesterday.

 My life as an adventurer in the Magic Continent started here, filled with memories of Ruijerd and Eris.

 But in the end, we were chased out, leaving only bad memories behind…

 But the experiences I gained here are good.

 It's here I learned not to overthink the situation or try to do everything by myself.

 We hike down the slope and head towards the edge of the crater until we reach an entrance.

 Just as before, here stands a pair of guards.

 Back then, in order to sneak Ruijerd in, we came in disguise…

 "Hey, it's guarded. Is that a problem?"

 "No. Cities in the Magic Continent basically welcome everyone in."

 "But doesn't the security feel rather tight right now?"

 As Cliff said, the guards look quite alert.

 Jet black armor, full face helmet.

 The armor looks sharp and ominous.

 When I was at Rikarisu, the guards weren't so well equipped.

 The equipment has changed over the years I suppose.

 "Halt."

 Just as we are about to enter, the guards stop us.

 "What is it?"

 "No, that woman over there…"

 The guards stare at Elinalise.

 Cliff steps in front of Elinalise as if to shield her.

 Elinalise looks unfazed.

 "What's wrong?"

 "…What?"

 The other guard pulls out a piece of paper and looks back and forth between it and Elinalise.

 I sneak a peek. Drawn on it is a succubus-like beauty.

 Tall, big breasted, long wavy hair.

 It wasn't colored, but Elinalise shares some similarities.

 But, the chest is off.

 "Not her."

 "Ah, nope."

 With that said, the guard puts away the paper.

 "Excuse me, proceed."

 "Something happened?"

 "None of your business."

 I left quietly after I was refused.

 "Looks like they're looking for someone."

 "Yeah."

 There's an escapee somewhere in town?

 Well, nothing to do with us.

 But we should be careful.

 If we wander into an alley somewhere and meet a murderer, that'd suck.

 "Well, now what?"

 "Let's go to the Adventurer's Guild and exchange some money."

 "Got it."

 After a simple exchange, we follow the road ahead.

 "Wow, amazing…"

 Cliff exclaims as he sees the nearby open market.

 As usual, it's full of life.

 Merchants and adventurers of various races.

 Lizard-like magic beasts ridden back and forth.

 But the things going on are about the same as those in the markets around the Magic City Sharia:

 Merchants and adventurers arguing, residents wandering to and forth, a beggar asking for charity from a merchant and getting kicked aside.

 Same sort of things everywhere you go.

 Even Cliff should be familiar with this sight, but seeing various races mixed together might be refreshing.

 Must be different.

 However, unexpectedly, black-clad soldiers are everywhere.

 Whenever they spot Elinalise, without a pause, they'll take out some paper.

 Since it's obviously someone different even from afar, they never come for questioning.

 "Cliff-senpai, your wife is rather popular."

 "Eh, Ehh… Is it alright?"

 "As long as Elinalise-san hasn't done anything here before, it should be alright."

 With that said, I stare at Elinalise.

 She shrugs.

 "Nothing I feel guilty about."

 Elinalise looks unfocused.

 She definitely did something she felt guilty about.

 Part 2

 The Adventurer's Guild is the same as always.

 At worst, it has deteriorated slightly due to the ravages of time.

 No, I remember it was always like this.

 All eyes were on us when we entered.

 How nostalgic.

 Last time after a short act, we had the place in an uproar.

 Thankfully, Ruijerd soon got in the act and we avoided a mess.

 Soon, everyone lost interest.

 A party of Long Ear Race and Human might be exotic, but a few rare specimens don't deserve the attention.

 We head to the front desk and exchanged some Asura coins with Magic Continent ones.

 Around 100 Green Mineral Coins worth, but I collected them without double checking.

 Back then, I'd check the contents of my wallet everyday, even if there's only one or two pieces left. I have really changed.

 No, I'm just a tad more affluent than before.

 Also, we issued a request to the Adventurer's Guild for Kishirika's whereabouts.

 "Petite girl, purple hair, bondage wear, self-proclaimed Great Empress of the Demon Realm. In particular, she habitually laughs like a maniac."

 Since it's a search, ratings are low, but the reward is high.

 I stick the request on the job board. Suddenly, I noticed at the edge of the job board an aging petition from the Fedoa Region Search Group.

 The search group at Milis has already been disbanded, yet this petition still remains.

 The contact person is still Paul at the Holy Kingdom of Milis.

 At this rate, wouldn't someone end up traveling all the way to Milis for nothing?

 I return to the front desk and change the contact to Alphonse at the refugee camp.

 They probably will still accept refugees there.

 Although my residence could work as well, honestly, I don't want to take care of people I don't know.

 "Well, we're done here."

 "Now what?"

 After Cliff asked, I spent time thinking about our next move.

 Of course, we shouldn't just sit around and wait. It's better if we do some digging ourselves.

 We'll spend a week here collecting information.

 Look for help and do leg work on our own, search carefully.

 Ultimately, the Adventurer's Guild job request is just a safety net in case we missed Kishirika somehow.

 "First, collect intel."

 I check my surroundings.

 A man walks up towards us.

 A horse faced man.

 I remember this guy well.

 It's the guy that trapped us.

 It's all his fault that we got kicked out of the city… well, not all his fault.

 I know as well, back then, we broke the rules.

 "Yo!"

 The horse faced man, Nokopara, just like before, comes chatting full spirited.

 To a guy like him, making conversation with new faces is part of the job.

 Despite what I think, the person he's greeting is not me, but Elinalise.

 "Long time no see! You and Roxy split up?"

 Elinalise looks at Nokopara in surprise.

 Not long after, probably when it finally clicks for her, she claps her hand.

 "Ah, from Roxy's old party."

 "…Eh?"

 Roxy's old party?

 What?

 "Rudeus, please help translate. This is my… no, Roxy's old buddy."

 Elinalise pushes me to face Nokopara.

 8 years ago.

 The guy that clung onto us.

 Roxy's old buddy.

 Old party member.

 In other words, he was clinging onto Roxy too.

 Why have I never heard anything about this?

 "Oh, I am Nokopara. Do you understand me?"

 He doesn't remember me from back then.

 It can't be helped, after 8 years, I have grown up quite a bit.

 Nokopara has grown old too… well, I can't really tell.

 How horse-faces look when older, I can't really tell.

 In turn, Nokopara probably can't tell human faces apart either.

 "Yeah, Nokopara-san. I understand."

 "Rudeus, he should be quite familiar with the situations in this town. Why not ask him to help collect information for us?"

 "…"

 This guy is good with intel, that I know.

 He's very observant of others.

 In that case, he should come in handy for us.

 We were once pushed into a corner by him.

 But we shamed him in public as well.

 He might still be holding a grudge for that.

 Instead of coming clean, I'm better off hiding my identity and taking advantage of him.

 "I am Quagmire. Nice to meet you."

 "Ah, Quagmire huh… Oh? Have we met before?"

 "No, that's impossible."

 If Eris was here, she'd probably kick his ass.

 But I'll let bygones be bygones.

 He never did realize that Ruijerd is a Supard.

 And it was our misstep that caused the situation.

 Besides, now is not the time to dig up the past.

 "We're looking for someone. Will you assist us?"

 "…How much you got?"

 He pisses me off.

 Well, I wouldn't want to work for free either.

 "2 Green Mineral Coins. 4 if you find her."

 "4!? D-done!"

 Ah, too much.

 It's been a while, I completely forgot about the situation here.

 Ah, oh well.

 "It's an emergency."

 "Oh. If it's for Elinalise, I can do it for half."

 Nokopara turns up his nose and smiles to himself.

 Part 3

 After I provide Nokopara the info on Kishirika, he said [We'll get in touch in half a day] and disappeared into the crowd.

 "I'm surprised you held back."

 Watching Nokopara leave, Elinalise speaks up.

 "Eh?"

 "I remember now. That guy tried to shake you down before."

 "Wow, you even know about that."

 "When I came by this town, I caught wind of it. Apparently, Nokopara tried to shake down [Dead End] and almost got killed. But I don't think

 Roxy heard of it…"

 Elinalise knows.

 Well, no reason that she wouldn't.

 A Supard showing up in town would be big news.

 "It's just an unfortunate event."

 Things were going so well that I got carried away and fell on my face.

 The way Nokopara takes advantage of others disgusts me, but I'm no saint myself.

 Since Nokopara doesn't realize who I am, all is well.

 "Anyways, I don't plan on settling the score with Nokopara. But if he crosses us again, that's a different story."

 What's past is past, but I am not that generous.

 Cross me again, and I'll make sure that's the last time.

 "Say, Nokopara and Roxy in a party together, what's up with that?"

 "Ah, about that-."

 I feel a little troubled after hearing the story of Roxy and Nokopara.

 Ah, such a nice guy back then, yet look at how he turned out.

 Part 4

 There's lots of stuff to get done in half a day's time.

 First, securing accommodation.

 This town has plenty of inns open for adventurers.

 Simple inns for rookies, and luxury ones for high-rank.

 This time, we selected one for high-rank adventurers.

 I picked a high class inn mostly for its security.

 It's a little pricey, but since prices are generally low at the Magic Continent, it wasn't very painful.

 On the way there, we walked past Wolf Claw Inn.

 That's the place we stayed in long ago.

 By chance, we passed by three young rookies, chatting as they walk out of the inn.

 It's a little late to head out for work right now, so they're probably going shopping.

 Say, the other adventurers that lived here back then… Kuruto and people, what are they up to now?

 Because of my misjudgment, one of them died. How are the other two doing?

 No. It has been 8 years already.

 They might already be dead.

 But if we can meet again, I'd like to talk about old times with them.

 Oh yeah.

 I should go meet with the P-hunters.

 Jalil and Veskel, right?

 The petty criminals that specialize in lost pets.

 Although I'm not looking for a pet this time, Kishirika is basically an animal. Maybe they can find her.

 "Before that, let me drop by this place I know."

 "As expected of Shisho, to be so well connected."

 "I just know a few people."

 Thinking about that, I head towards P-hunters' pet store.

 It should be around here somewhere. Following vague memories of the area, I went ahead.

 My memories are dubious, and the city changed.

 Despite that, after spending so long in the area and following the landmarks, I can still recognize this place.

 The location is right, but the store has changed.

 It's a butcher's shop.

 A guy with hedgehog head looks after the store. I went to check it out.

 "Welcome."

 "I remember this was a pet shop once. Do you know what happened?"

 "Ah, Jalil? That guy's dead. Got killed 2 years ago taming a magic beast."

 Eh, he died?

 Seriously?

 "And Veskel?"

 "Veskel? She left a year ago. With Jalil dead, she can't do work no more."

 Veskel is gone too.

 Really, Jalil, dead?

 I know that the Magic Continent is a cruel place, but hearing that an old friend has died is still rather depressing.

 In the end, he did betray Ruijerd.

 Even so, we did work together once.

 I'd like to remain as friends.

 "I took over the shop from Veskel. Do you know her?"

 "Yeah, we met."

 "Well then, let me give you a discount."

 I also asked about Kishirika, and as pay, bought some Great Land Turtle jerky and left.

 Great Land Turtle meat still tastes as disgusting as always.

 Part 5

 For half a day, we busy ourselves in collecting intel.

 Collecting intel by hand is not particularly efficient.

 Particularly because I'm the only one that speaks the Demon God language.

 So basically, only I could ask around.

 If only Roxy were here.

 Still, searching a town, one or two people won't make much of a difference.

 When it comes to intel, let's count on the expert Nokopara instead.

 With those thoughts, I continue to ask around…

 "Petite, purple hair, bondage wear, self-proclaimed Great Empress of the Demon Realm, habitually laughs like a maniac. Have you met that girl

 before?"

 "Ah, that kid. I have. But that was almost… a year ago."

 Turns out I got a lot of responses.

 Unexpected.

 Truly unexpected.

 With this, maybe it won't be too long before we find her.

 "Score!"

 Cliff raises his voice happily.

 As if we already found her.

 But Elinalise shakes her hand.

 "But no one saw her recently?"

 It's true.

 They're all [About a year ago.]

 Well, some also said [About half a year ago.]

 Maybe she left already.

 In that case, we should start asking [Where did she go?]

 Rikarisu Town sits on the northeast corner of the Magic Continent.

 For the time being, she would probably head southwest.

 There's a mountain range to the southwest, in that case maybe… No, this is Kishirika after all.

 Not that I know Kishirika very well.

 But I got a feeling she's capable of anything.

 If she doesn't follow the roads, then who knows where she could be.

 "Let's go check in with Nokopara."

 "It's only been half a day. I doubt even he could have found much…"

 Regardless, we head back to the Adventurer's Guild.

 We picked a table, and just when we were about to grab something to eat, Nokopara shows up.

 "Yo. Waited long?"

 Just like how he left, he came back smiling and full of energy.

 No, I can't tell how happy a horse face is.

 But he seems pretty happy to me.

 "Sorry, I have yet to find the person, but I've got some intel for you."

 "What did you hear?"

 Only half a day for the eagle to land.

 Basically, we already know all the information Nokopara found.

 But as expected of Nokopara, he was able to summarize all the most common sightings, as well as where she was last spotted.

 Not bad for half a day's work…

 Rather, as part of his daily routine, he knows all the right people to ask.

 Then, based on what info is needed, he picks the best candidates to ask, something like that.

 That's talent too.

 "Demon King-sama seems to be looking for the Great Demon Empress as well."

 "Demon King?"

 "Yeah. About a year ago, the Demon King from the adjacent territory traveled here."

 Apparently, a Demon King currently resides at the center of Rikarisu Town, at Old Kishirisu Castle.

 So all the black-clad soldiers here are her personal army. The riders too are basically her private guards.

 "Don't tell me that Demon King is Badigadi?"

 "No, not Badigadi-sama. It's Atofe-sama, older sister of Badigadi-sama, a very terrifying Demon King."

 Badigadi has a sister?

 A black amazon?

 "Really scary?"

 "Ah, she's a Demon King that fought in the Laplace Campaign after all. If you accidentally offend her, she might execute you on the spot."

 I can't even imagine that when Badigadi is so easy going.

 But if that's the case, then I should probably avoid her.

 No, if she is related to Badigadi, then she might also be immortal too.

 If she has lived since a long time ago, then maybe she knows of the cure to Doline syndrome.

 I should try to get an audience with her and ask…

 Whether she will see me is another question.

 "Say, has Badigadi returned?"

 "He has yet to return… Hey, watch your language when you talk about the Demon King-sama."

 "Apologies."

 Badigadi hasn't come back.

 Who knows where he's wandering the world right now.

 He's been gone for 8 years already.

 Maybe wandering the world is a hobby of his.

 I summarized the details to the others.

 Zanoba, with a hand to his chin, says,

 "The portrait looks nothing like her."

 Now that he mentioned it, that portrait does look completely different from the Kishirika that I remember.

 I know Kishirika was a kid.

 I didn't notice when I checked the portrait, but that vixen looks quite like Kishirika.

 Maybe once Kishirika grows older, that's how she will look.

 Maybe Kishirika has grown in the past few years?

 No, no.

 We have witness reports of that girl.

 In other words, that Demon King doesn't know that Kishirika is a kid?

 Oh…

 Maybe Nokopara would know.

 "That portrait that the private guards have looks different from the actual Kishirika. What do you think?"

 "Demon King-sama doesn't concern herself with petty details. So maybe she thought any age would do."

 "Ah, I see."

 Badigadi is whimsical as well.

 Maybe Atofe is the same.

 "Then, let's all check with Atofe-sama?"

 I declare and get up.

 But Nokopara starts to panic.

 "Hey, hold on, forget it. Atofe-sama is really dangerous. You're better off not going."

 "No, I must. I'll be careful not to offend her."

 No problem?

 I hope there won't be.

 If something happens, then Zanoba will stand guard while I attack.

 Just like with Badigadi, I'll hit and run…

 Then, once I find Badigadi, he can mediate for us.

 Well, that'll do.

 "If we should meet, then allow me to help."

 Zanoba stands up smiling.

 He's a royalty as well, so arranging a meeting should be possible right?

 If that's the case, then maybe we should've gotten Ariel to come instead…

 Hold on, maybe like with Perugius, Zanoba is easier to get along with.

 Since Ariel is always thinking about networking, she might be exposed and hated.

 "Is Atofe-sama interested in the arts?"

 "Eh? Arts? Em, who knows. Well, Demon King-samas all seem to have those sorts of interests."

 Badigadi's interests… like what?

 I don't think he has anything of the sort.

 No, he's interested in beer?

 Like really expensive beer?

 Even though Atofe is a very scary Demon King, if she's anything like Badigadi, then we might get along.

 "Anyways, let's go give it a shot."

 With the talk over, Elinalise and Cliff stood up as well.

 Part 6

 An hour later.

 We stand looking at the castle.

 Conclusion?

 Failure.

 Zanoba takes the crest of Shirone. I translate for him to request an audience with Demon King.

 "Never heard of that country. Atofe-sama is busy! No one is allowed!"

 Denied.

 Door slammed in our face.

 Maybe Asura Kingdom, or Kingdom of the Dragon King, or Holy Kingdom of Milis would have been different.

 But Shirone is a small kingdom, so it's impossible.

 It's like expecting a Japanese to know the name of some country in Africa.

 Especially when there was no appointment.

 It's only natural.

 "I'm sorry. My home country lacks the prestige."

 Rather than getting angry at the blatant breach of etiquette, Zanoba is apologizing to me instead.

 "No, I was inconsiderate."

 "I thought this might happen…"

 Zanoba said as he frowns.

 Zanoba isn't much of a patriot, but to hear his country mocked in such a matter, I doubt he'll let it go.

 "…Sigh, let's take a break."

 Cliff leans on a wall nearby and sighs.

 I still have some gas in the tank but…

 "True, I'm a bit tired too."

 Looking around, Zanoba is sweaty too.

 It might miss, but he's also an indoor type. A day's exercise is hard on him too.

 I also feel like my head is running slow.

 Let's rest.

 "Alright. Then let's go grab some grub."

 We didn't have time for lunch.

 The jerky was lacking as well.

 Well, food here is hard to eat, so I don't have much appetite.

 "Shisho, there's an open-air stall there. Let's just eat there. Is that alright with you two?"

 Now that you mention it, for a while, we could smell barbecue in the air.

 Following our nose, there's a heavily spiced Magic Continent specialty, open stall spicy barbecue skewers.

 With a crowd of… 3 customers waiting in line.

 "I don't mind, but eating while standing… isn't that against the rules?"

 "What the hell are you talking about?"

 As they argue, Elinalise has already taken her place in the line.

 "I'll hold a spot. Rudeus, go set up a place to sit somewhere."

 "Will language be a problem?"

 "For numbers, we can just use our hands."

 That's true too.

 There are ways to get around without knowing the language.

 Following her instructions, with magic, I set up some chairs on the side.

 Although eating standing up is fine, since we need to rest, we might as well sit down.

 Although to be honest, I don't mind sitting on the ground either.

 "I'll line up too."

 Cliff and Elinalise line up together.

 I finish with the preparations and sit down with Zanoba.

 "Phew."

 After sitting down, a day of exhaustion rushed onto me.

 But sitting here like this, I start to feel like the entire day has been a waste of time.

 We still don't know whether we can find Kishirika.

 Even if we find her, we have no clue whether she knows anything useful.

 Rather, I have a feeling the chances that she does is nigh.

 Badigadi as well, although they have long lives, I think they rarely get ill.

 "…Shisho, don't be too hard on yourself."

 "Eh?"

 "Nanahoshi's illness, Shisho doesn't have to feel so responsible for it."

 I'm not responsible.

 Right. That's true.

 But, this is not an issue of responsibility.

 This is what I want to do.

 "That's true."

 "But feeling homesick and wanting to go back, I can understand that a little. That's why I want to help."

 "Really? I thought you were happy with the life you have now."

 "Of course. But sometimes, I feel nostalgic for home. That's also true."

 Zanoba feels homesick sometimes.

 I thought he only had dolls on his mind, but I guess Zanoba is also someone's flesh and blood.

 "…Nanahoshi tries so hard. Her home is definitely something important to her."

 "The boy she likes, and her family too… They're all there."

 Both are ordinary, but both are important.

 Very, very important.

 "Both of them are beyond me."

 "For you, it's dolls."

 I absentmindedly watch the other two while chatting with Zanoba.

 Cliff and Elinalise.

 Those two have changed so much from when we first met.

 Cliff can't read the mood, but now he's more considerate of others.

 Elinalise too, I'm fond of the time when she was busy chasing after boys.

 If they ever split up, they probably would return to their true forms in a hurry.

 "…"

 The customer before Cliff ordered his skewers.

 Probably to ask for change, a beggar in hood and rags went over, but that customer kicked him away.

 Cliff looks angry when he spots this.

 But Elinalise stops him, so no fight broke out.

 Cliff is kind-hearted. He definitely will get something for the beggar.

 As I expected, he bought an extra skewer and handed it to him.

 The beggar devours the skewer as he thanks him.

 Nom, nom.

 Soon after he finished one, he brazenly begs Cliff for another, so Cliff bought a new one for him.

 So moved that he's trembling, the beggar holds Cliff's hand.

 Eh?

 Deja-vu.

 Say, that beggar, is he thanking Cliff in human language?

 In that moment, the beggar suddenly laughs with a voice so loud that it can be heard from even over here.

 "Faahahahaha!"

 Throwing off her rags, she loudly declares!

 "This one is called Kishirika Kishirisu! A.K.A. THE GREAT EMPRESS OF THE DEMON REALM! You have saved this one's life! It's fine if you ask

 for any one desire!"

 I feel dizzy.

 Part 7

 Great Demon Empress Kishirika.

 She looks just as how I remembered her.

 Those knee-high kicks, skin-tight hot pants, and blouse.

 Her pale skin, collarbone, waist, navel, and thighs.

 Her characteristic thick, purple, wavy hair with goat horns.

 Well, she's dirtier than before.

 But without a doubt,

 That's Kishirika Kishirisu.

 "Faahahahah! Faahaha! Faahahahaha!"

 Cliff looks dumbfounded.

 Elinalise's eyes turn into dots. That's a first.

 Me too, what just happened?

 The only one calm is Zanoba.

 Only him, with his hand on his chin said, [Oh, so that's Badigadi's lover.]

 "…"

 Pay it forward.

 That idiom floats in my mind.

 I think Cliff is the proof of those words.

 Helping a beggar sounds easy, but not everyone would do it.

 Ultimately, the other person's a beggar.

 Raggy clothes, a strong stench whenever he approaches, skin covered in dirt, and blackened teeth.

 You feel sorry for them, so you ought to buy them food. But do you really want to?

 I won't.

 I won't go as far as kicking her, but I don't have that kind of universal love.

 But Cliff, he does.

 The first time we met, I thought he was a petty bastard.

 But in the future, he probably will become a great priest.

 Viva la Cliff!

 Okay, that's enough praise for Cliff.

 Anyways, why is Kishirika begging here?

 "Come! Don't hold back! Anything you desire! But before that, state your name!"

 "Eh? Eh…? C-Cliff Grimoire."

 Looking at the beggar turned Kishirika before him, Cliff looks to me for help.

 Meanwhile, Kishirika makes a pompous pose and continues.

 "Cliff! Treating this one to food is a great deed. This one hasn't ate for half a year already!"

 I walk by and join the conversation.

 "In that case, how about some more?"

 "Oh! Really! You are truly generous! Truly a generous man!"

 Then for a while, Kishirika continues to wolf down Great Land Turtle skewers.

 Devouring everything, who knows how she managed to fit everything into that tiny body.

 Nom, nom.

 "Phew, this one is full! With that, this one can last a whole year!"

 Kishirika slaps her tummy in satisfaction. She has wiped out the entire stall.

 Selling so well, the stall owner must be happy too.

 Next…

 "Long time no see, Kishirika-sama."

 "And you are!"

 I bow in respect. Kishirika stares at me.

 "Eh? Oh?"

 Then her pupils spin, and she claps her hands.

 "Oh! You! The human boy with the disgusting amount of magic power! This one remembers! This one gave the boy a demon eye. The name is, oh

 yeah, eh… Ru, ba, Rumba… Rumbaus. Long time no see!"

 "It's Rudeus Greyrat."

 I'm no robot vacuum cleaner.

 "Long time no see, Rudeus… You sure grew. How was it, after that, how was life?"

 Kishirika slaps me on the thigh once she got close enough.

 Like a manager from somewhere.

 "Ah yes, the demon eye Kishirika-sama gifted me has saved my life many times!"

 "Faahahahah! Is that so, is that so!"

 Kishirika nods happily.

 How simple.

 So easy.

 "But, this one can only reward one person! Just one!"

 Kishirika points at Cliff.

 "You, Cliff Grimoire. State your desires."

 "…"

 Pointed out by Kishirika, Cliff swallows.

 Suddenly I remember.

 The reward from Great Demon Empress Kishirika Kishirisu, a demon eye.

 This is something well known in this world.

 Cliff has his own goals in the future.

 A demon eye will surely help with his magic tool research.

 If it's me, I would think so too.

 Of course.

 Unless?

 "T-then, please tell me the cure to Drain Syndrome."

 "Eh?"

 "A friend of mine fell ill to that. She's stable right now, but probably won't get better. If you know, please tell me."

 Phew.

 My mind wandered. I'm really sorry.

 When we get back, I'm definitely treating Cliff to a big meal.

 "Em, Drain Syndrome eh? That name sure is nostalgic. People still getting sick from that, now that's shocking!"

 I glance at Zanoba and nod.

 Looks like Kishirika has heard of it before.

 "Then, what about the cure?"

 "Of course. For that, just take some leaves of Sokasu Grass and make tea with it. Then it'll come out with poop."

 I can feel a smile growing on my face.

 Good.

 Even though Kishirika might be wrong, but we finally have something.

 Make tea with Sokasu Grass leaves.

 Basically make a concoction.

 "Sokasu Grass? Never heard of it before. Where can we find it?"

 "Em… Phantom Capital Maio."

 "Phantom Capital Maio?"

 Crap.

 Any city with the word Phantom in it is basically impossible to find.

 Like a place you can only visit in your dream, or can only find in the shifting desert…

 "North of the Red Dragon Mountain Ranges, at a valley named Red Dragon Tail in Dragon Tail Cave. Sokasu Grass grows in the deepest reaches

 of that cave."

 "Dragon Tail Cave."

 With that, we have more work to do.

 No, that's good.

 Not bad at all.

 Better than not finding Kishirika and wandering the world for years.

 Eh?

 But is there even a place called Red Dragon Tail on the Red Dragon Mountain Ranges?

 "Where is that place?"

 "Oh, during the second Human-Demon Great War, Dragon God and Fighting God cut a hole in the ground and it disappeared."

 "…Eh?"

 In other words,

 It's gone.

 Say, that differs from the story I knew.

 The hole in the ground, isn't that because of the battle between Kishirika and the Golden Knight?

 No, but Kishirika doesn't look particularly strong…

 Well, forget it.

 When it comes to tales and legends, the truth often gets twisted when convenient.

 What's important is the Sokasu Grass.

 "Say, is Sokasu Grass extinct?"

 "No, the Dragon Tail Cave is only where it was originally discovered."

 Kishirika shakes her head slowly.

 Originally discovered, so it may still be growing somewhere?

 "Sokasu Grass grows in the depth of caves where the sun never shines."

 Depth of caves where the sun doesn't shine.

 Like Labyrinths?

 Another Labyrinth?

 In that case, then I'll get enough bodies this time.

 20… No, I might place enough bounty to assemble 100 adventurers or so.

 "Thus, under this one's instruction, Demon Kings everywhere have been growing them under their own castles."

 "…"

 "After all, Sokasu Grass is delicious. Moreover, drinking them leads to long life. Even Immortal Demons drink them. Faahahahaha!"

 "…"

 In other words.

 That's it?

 They're growing under the castle?

 Not only that, but as ingredients for high grade tea, then we can probably find them everywhere.

 "Faahahaha! You thought you wouldn't find them? Did I guess right? Too bad! Even Kishirisu Castle has them! Faahahahaha!"

 This guy, I really want to kick her.

 As I thought so, Cliff takes a step forward with clenched fists.

 "You!"

 "Hold on Cliff-senpai! Wait until she's told us everything!"

 "Oh, okay."

 Sheet, the truth came out.

 Besides, if the castle has it, then it's fine.

 Or rather, it's perfect.

 I'm not happy that I'm being toyed with.

 This is an area I have to improve on.

 But stay calm.

 Keep my head down.

 "Then, Kishirika-sama. That Sokasu tea. Can we have some?"

 "Sure! But there's just one problem."

 "Problem?"

 "Um. Right now, in Kishirisu Castle is an annoying person. She's an idiot, but an annoying idiot. This one has been hiding from her for half a year already… Ah!"

 Kishirika looks behind me.

 "Em?"

 I look up and behind me.

 Over there, black-clad soldiers.

 5, 6, 7… over 20 in all.

 Even more from the street and alleys…

 Almost 30 in all, and we're surrounded.

 Part 8

 The soldiers watch us intimidatingly.

 Elinalise takes a step forward with a hand on the sword on her waist.

 There's cold sweat on her forehead.

 No matter what, there are too many enemies to deal with.

 Crap, we have nowhere to run.

 Do I grab Zanoba and Cliff and fly away?

 Do I leave Kishirika and Elinalise behind?

 What do I do?

 The front-most soldier among them steps forward.

 With a hoarse but forceful voice he said,

 "We are the Gaslow Region Immortal Demon Lord Atoferatofe's Private Guard."

 In fluent Human language.

 So we will work with them, probably.

 "Atofe-sama commands: Hand Kishirika-sama to us, and head immediately to the castle."

 Hearing him, the black-clad riders behind him compare the portrait with Kishirika the person. Eh? They seem riled up.

 As Nokopara expected, the portrait was wrong. The one that ordered it was sloppy.

 But, even if the portrait was wrong, if she yells out Kishirika like that, she will probably get exposed.

 "What if we don't?"

 The moment Elinalise asked quietly, all the soldiers drew their swords.

 The sound of swords unsheathing clatters.

 The chorus of sounds becomes ear-deafeningly loud.

 "Kill them all."

 I can't tell the strength of an opponent just by looking.

 But even I have quite a bit of experience under my belt.

 Even I can tell when an opponent is obviously strong.

 The private guards are, without a doubt, full of incredible people.

 Far stronger than the typical rider group can match.

 "No, don't. If they catch this one, then who knows how they'll treat this one? Atofe is the most stupid among the the Demon Kings!"

 Hearing Kishirika makes me frown.

 If Atofe doesn't have a plan for dealing with Kishirika after capturing her, then why capture her in the first place?

 Besides, I have no reason to meet with Atofe anymore.

 I should just run…

 But the medicine is under the castle right?

 Then maybe we should go along… But I've never seen it before. I have no idea what it looks like.

 While I'm hesitating, the soldier removes his helmet.

 "Please."

 A white-haired, battle-wary old man.

 With a gentle smile, he bows his head.

 "If everyone doesn't come, then we'll be punished by Afote-sama. We definitely won't hurt you, so please…"

 I'm a Japanese man that can say… no.

 Not like before.

 But after such a humble request, I can't help but feel soft-hearted.

 "No, don't listen to him. He's Atofe's dog."

 Cold sweat dripping down from Kishirika's face.

 Seems like she's hiding something.

 "I overheard your conversation. Sokasu Grass is grown in Gaslow Region, and we also know the cultivating techniques. If necessary, we can even prepare saplings for you. So please come with us…"

 The old soldier bows his head.

 I can feel his sincerity.

 Even though he can move us forcefully, instead, he requested so humbly.

 I'm not too close with Kishirika, but I do know of Demon Kings like Badigadi.

 These underlings must have it tough.

 "Say, why does Kishrika-sama hate Atofe-sama so much? There must be a reason that you've been hunting Kishirika-sama for half a year. Can you tell me?"

 "A year ago, here, Atofe-sama was supposed to receive a shipment of wine from Gekura region, but Kishirika drank them all."

 "Oh."

 The old soldier continues.

 "Atofe-sama was really looking forward to that wine and got really angry. She ordered the private guards from our home country here to investigate and capture her. We don't know what Kishirika looks like, so she gave us this portrait, and we have been searching for her ever since…"

 "So that's what happened, I understand."

 I knocked out Kishirika with magic myself.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
