Volume 2  3 — Brutality Has Yet to End

Volume 2 Chapter 3 - Brutality Has Yet to End

 

 Part 1

 It has been a month since I have taken up the job of a home tutor.

 From almost the very start, Eris was unwilling to attend classes.

 When it comes to math and reading, she will immediately disappear into thin air and wouldn't appear until it was time for swords lessons.

 There are of course situations with exceptions. She will only pay full attention to the magic lessons.

 The first time she used the spell Fireball, I can't find any words in my vocabulary to describe how happy she was. And while she looked at the curtains that were burning intensely, she said,

 "One day I'll cast huge fireworks like Rudeus."

 I extinguished the fire, and strictly warned her not to use fire magic when I'm not around. The ignited curtains' light cast a glow over her. No matter what angle you view it from, she has a face of an arsonist, but she looks quite spirited to learn. Just basing on her looks, her other subjects should be fine.

 That's what I thought, but my prediction was completely off the mark.

 Eris hasn't the slightest interest to come to class when it comes to language and Math.

 If I teach her the lesson, she will immediately run away. If I try to catch her, she punches me before running away.

 If I continue to chase her, she will turn around and beat me up before continuing to run away.

 I think she understands the importance of Math and language due to the incident that happened a while ago, but it seems that she still really hates it with a passion.

 When I complain to Philip, he indifferently shrugs it off with,

 "It's also the home tutor's job to make the student listen in class."

 I can't refute that.

 I start to find Eris.

 Even though Ghyslaine comes earnestly to learn language and Math, she's ultimately a companion.

 How can I teach Ghyslaine alone?

 But, it's not easy to find Eris.

 Compared to me, who just came one month ago, Eris has stayed here for many years. Her familiarity with this area compared to me is just too large a difference. Don't even talk about hide and seek.

 The previous home tutors have expended tons of effort on this matter.

 However. No matter how big the mansion is, the area is still limited. In the end, she still can be found.

 The teachers who found her got beaten by Eris without exception.

 At first the teachers quit over this.

 But there's also a home tutor who in reverse beats Eris. Violence against violence. It was something that I initially planned.

 But that teacher got attacked in the middle of the night by Eris with a wooden sword and received injuries that would have taken months to heal, and therefore quit over this.

 The only one who can fend off Eris's day and night attacks is Ghyslaine.

 I have no confidence in fending her off.

 Even if I do find her, I'll be destined to be sent to the hospital.

 If it's possible, I don't want to look for her.

 I don't want to be beaten beyond recognition.

 If she attends magic lessons, isn't it okay to just teach her magic? But Philip orders me to teach her Math and language. He also says that it must be around the level of what I teach her in magic. Even stating,

 "Compared to magic, other classes are actually more important."

 I can't argue against that.

 Perhaps I should re-enact another kidnapping incident.

 Kids who don't listen have to be punished.

 When I think about that, I finally find her.

 Her whole body buried in the hay located in the stables, with her stomach revealed to the air, sleeping comfortably.

 "Fuuu~……… Fuuuu~………"

 She's in deep sleep. That face is really like an angel's.

 But, if you're just lured in by the outer appearance, that's a Devil Reverse.

 That is if you get punched by the Devil's fatal fist, and then vomit huge amounts of blood.

 Yet when it comes to that, I must wake her up.

 In any case, I pull Eris's shirt down to cover her stomach to prevent her from catching a cold.

 In the mean time, I massage her chest area.

 My hermit living in my heart gives out an assessment.

 "Hmm I see, it's still only AA, but the chance of growth is very high. When she grows up she will rise to above E grade. You need to massage them everyday for them to grow. This is also part of training. Hoh, hoh, hoh."

 Thank you very much, mister hermit.

 After I thoroughly enjoy it, I greet her in a small voice.

 "Ojou-sama. Please wake up, Eris Ojou-sama. The time for the pleasant Math class is up."

 She doesn't move at all, well I have to hand it to her.

 It can't be helped that the panties are taken off from kids who don't listen, you know?

 I slowly reached for her loose dress, and at this time.

 "!"

 Eris's eyes suddenly open.

 Her gaze slowly moves from my hand on her thigh, to my face.

 "Grrrrr"

 A face that has the signs of sleeping, is accompanied by the grinding of teeth.

 The next instant, Eris raises her fist.

 The face!? I quickly bring my hands to block the face.

 "Guuuh………!"

 The impact comes from my solar plexus.

 I kneel down in agony.

 There's no Reverse. There's only the Devil.

 "Hmph!"

 With a snort, she kicks me again.

 Stepping over me, Ojou-sama leaves the stable.

 Part 2

 I have no other options.

 I turn to Ghyslaine for help.

 Even though, from Paul's mouth, Ghyslaine's brain is also made of muscle. From her recent of learning Language and Math, her persuasion level will surely be higher. If it's her, Eris should listen.

 This is my easy way out.

 Ghyslaine expresses an indifferent attitude from the start, but I use water magic and cry to plead with her, and finally got to her to reluctantly agree.

 She's so easy to bluff.

 Part 3

 Right, show me what you got.

 We never discuss it specially, and I leave everything to her.

 Ghyslaine's actions start during the magic lesson's break time.

 "I used to think that the sword in my hand was enough."

 She suddenly talks about the past.

 She used to be a spoiled brat, and found a teacher who accepted her, and how she became an adventurer, the first time having comrades ----- A long introduction and the tale spinning from there…… all of them are a troubled past.

 "When I was an adventurer, everything was left to others. Weaponry, armors, food, expenditures, the daily necessities, contracts, maps, directions. The importance of the weight of filling and carrying a water bottle, the maintenance of fire coals, the torch sealing the use of the left hand…… These are the important things that I found out after leaving my comrades."

 Based on her story she left her party 7 years ago.

 In other words, it's because Paul and Zenith left to retire in a rural place, and thus the party disbanded.

 Even though I noticed signs, but to think they are really from the same party.

 "Even though there are other party members' thoughts, but Paul's who in charge of the vanguard and the only healer Zenith, have left the party. Even if the party doesn't disband, they will split up in the end. That's a natural thing."

 That's a 6 men party.

 Warrior, swordsman, swordsman, magician, priest, thief.

 If you use the professions to explain, it's that kind of combination.

 Even though Ghyslaine is only a Swords saint during then, but her attacking power is very high.

 Warrior (Unknown): Tank

 Swordsman (Paul): Tank and attacker

 Swordsman (Ghyslaine): Attacker

 Magician (Unknown): Attacker

 Priest (Zenith): Healer

 To add on, the so called thieves, using Ghyslaine's words, are in charge of miscellaneous stuff.

 From opening locks, checking for traps, constructing camps and trading with the merchants.

 A literate person with a flexible mind, usually handled by smart people.

 These people are usually from merchant families.

 "Calling them treasure hunters would be correct right……"

 I say that, but Ghyslaine snorts and replies:

 "That fellow always steals the party's fund to gamble, calling him a thief is good enough."

 "Stealing from the fund, wouldn't he get beaten up when he's discovered?"

 "No, that fellow is very talented in gambling, and he always wins money and return, it's very seldom that he will lose below half of the funds. When times are tight he's also very prudent."

 It seems to be something like that.

 But even if you can increase the funds, how can you forgive something like that……

 I can hardly understand it.

 I don't mean to brag, but I have never got the bad habit of gambling.

 Although I spent over ￥100,000 on the internet.

 Well, there's already a Paul who's loose with women in the party, the ethics in the overall party probably isn't that strict.

 Everyone has a different baseline. There are more rules when there are more people.

 "But what's the difference between Swordsman and warriors?"

 I ask that as I'm slightly interested.

 If they are in the front lines, there shouldn't be a need to differentiate.

 "If you use a sword and your style belongs to the 3 main styles, you're a swordsman. Anyone else who uses a sword and doesn't belong to the the 3 main style, you're a warrior. Even if you are from the 3 main styles, you're a warrior if you don't use a sword."

 "Ehh, a swordsman actually has something special like this."

 Or rather the 3 styles are special.

 The technique that Ghyslaine used was incredible

 I don't even know when she used her blade.

 Just moving a little, and the opponent's head rolls.

 After I ask her about it, it seems that it's named as 'Light of the long sword', a secret technique from the Sword-God style.

 "Then a knight is?"

 "A knight is a knight. If you're under the kingdom or lord's employment, you're a knight. The educated ones knows language and math. Some of them know simple magic. But most of them come from nobility, and their pride is very high."

 They are educated because they attended school, probably.

 "Was my father a knight at that time?"

 "I'm not too sure about that, I remember Paul called himself a swordsman."

 "I hear there's magic swordsman and magic warrior?"

 "These are people who knows magic, and they give their own titles. Regardless of what profession, it's their personal freedom to call themselves whatever."

 "Oh~"

 Eris's eyes seem to be glittering and she listens attentively.

 She will not ask me or Ghyslaine to bring her to a nearby dungeon right?

 This really makes me uneasy. Compared to adventuring, I would rather to be surrounded by girls and have an Eroge-like lifestyle.

 Ah, oops, the original plan is to let Ghyslaine talk about the importance of Language.

 I let my curiosity get the better of me without me knowing, and cause her to divert from the topic.

 But the fortunate thing over this unfortunate incident is, Eris coming in the second day with her asking for Math and Language lessons.

 This is all thanks to Ghyslaine. After that she continues to talk about her troubled past.

 Just listening to her will make stomachs get upset, but thanks to that, Eris might have already recognized that this must be something to be learned.

 Although it's possible that she's attending classes to listen to Ghyslaine's stories, finding it to be interesting. In any case, it's good enough if it works out.

 I did consider about the possibility of doing this earlier…… but, without that incident, I think that Ojou-san wouldn't listen a single word from me.

 Before that incident, she used a look like she's looking at ants.

 So that time is not a wasted effort.

 No matter, ending like this is good enough.

 Part 4

 First of all, as the first lesson, I teach her the basic arithmetic operations.

 Because Eris has gone to school, and hired home tutors, she still knows the basic addition.

 "Rudeus!"

 "What is it, Eris-kun."

 I point to Eris who raises her hand vigorously.

 "Why is it necessary to learn division?"

 She doesn't understand the importance of division and subtraction.

 Before that, she's very poor in subtraction.

 I always feel that she will get stuck at the changing of digits and give up math.

 "Instead of talking about the importance, this is basically just the reverse of multiplication."

 "I'm asking you what use this has."

 "Alright, if you have 100 silver coins and you need to share with 5 people, what should you do?"

 "You're talking the same stuff like that previous teacher!"

 Eris smacks the table with force.

 "That is why! Why! Do you need to share! Is there a need to share!"

 Ah, yes, the children who don't want to learn will have excuses like this.

 But, truthfully this really isn't important.

 "Who knows, go ask the 5 people. It's only convenient when you want to share equally."

 "You said convenient, that also means that you don't need to use subtraction right?"

 "When you don't wish to use, of course you don't need to use it. But not wanting to use and not being able to use, these two are very different indeed."

 "Mumumuu……"

 When I said the words "can't use", the prideful Eris shuts her mouth. But, this isn't solving the problem right now. If I let her continue with this line of excuses, there's no need to learn Math anymore.

 At this time I can only rely on Ghyslaine.

 "Ghyslaine, did you have problems when it comes to dividing equally?"

 "Hmm, there was once when I lost some of my food supplies, and wanted to distribute the rest of my food over a few days, but I failed. In the end, I didn't eat and drink for 3 whole days. I thought I was almost dead.

 Halfway through the road, I really couldn't stand it anymore, and picked up the monsters' dung to eat, and caused a stomach upset. I resist the urge to vomit, pain in the stomach and the diarrhea, and I still needed to fend off the surrounding monsters----"

 The past story lasts for 5 minutes, making my stomach twist.

 I listen to it with a pale face, but it seems that in Eris's ears this is a heroic tale.

 Her eyes are glittering as if there are stars in them.

 "So, I wish to learn division, please continue to teach."

 Since Ghyslaine has already said something like that, Eris can only become obedient.

 The Sauros family seems to have much affection for the beast races, even if they don't show it, Eris also keeps on approaching Ghyslaine.

 If it's from Ghyslaine, Eris will listen obediently. Like a younger brother following his elder sister, no matter what she does he will imitate her.

 "Then, we will progress with the boring repetition practice. Please answer all of these questions. If you don't understand something, please ask."

 Things progress step by step just like this.

 Ghyslaine is exceptional as a teacher, as well.

 She will----- point out where I didn't do it right, and give her sincere opinions.

 Paul points out mistakes, as well, but he only states that it is not right. Never even implicitly suggesting what my mistake is, he did not teach me how to get it right.

 Today is the same as usual; Eris and I are holding swords facing each other, training and receiving guidance simultaneously.

 "Remember the pose when stepping out, and keep your eyes on the opponent."

 Crack.

 The wooden sword in my hand has been knocked away by Eris' wooden sword.

 "If you step out earlier than the opponent does, look closely at the direction where the opponent moves, and cut in that direction. If you're slower than the opponent, he will escape from the sword's path."

 Unable to react, I am hit squarely by Eris's sword.

 The heavy impact passes through the defensive armor stuffed full of cotton, and effectively transfers to my body.

 "You must react to your opponent's steps and eyesight to predict their actions!"

 I get hit again.

 "Rudeus! Don't use your mind and think! Just think where the enemy will step to and swing the sword!"

 Do you or do you not want me to think?

 "Eris! Don't stop! The opponent hasn't given up yet!"

 "Yes!"

 There's a clear difference between us.

 Eris makes a vivacious reply. I construed her reaction as meaning that she has energy remaining; unfortunately, I do not have a drop of vigor left.

 Admittedly, this girl has enough energy to thrash me incessantly. She demonstrates this until Ghyslaine stops her.

 Not allowing me to counter attack, Eris seems to be trying to vent her anger that had accumulated in the Math class.

 Damn it.

 But this month I have felt the rise in my abilities quite clearly.

 Having Eris, who is around my level, as a competitor has been a great help.

 No matter what it is, having someone around your level will substantially aid your growth.

 Although Eris is a hair's breadth stronger than me despite our similar abilities, her strength is relatively insignificant compared to Paul or Ghyslaine.

 I can still understand what the opponent does.

 If I can understand my opponent then I can defeat him/her.

 I was hit earlier with that strike, so I will guard on that area.

 I do a deliberation based on my aforementioned syllogistic reasoning.

 Against Paul, the difference in ability is too much so my prudence vacillates. I am incapable even following his moves, so I get knocked out rather pitifully and quickly.

 Even if I were listen to his advice, there's too much of a difference in the basics, so it can't help at all.

 hence I have always questioned my every move.

 When Ghyslaine teaches me something, even if there's a problem like the one mentioned above, I understand her explanations well enough to make do. But she talks about countering and handling at the same time, so I hesitate when using a technique.

 But, with Eris as an opponent, there will inexorably be different results if I do something different or use tricks

 Even though I hesitate, the difference in technique is minute and I can still attack her.

 Perhaps it won't work the second day, or Eris will use a different technique, but the things that couldn't be done yesterday are accomplished today, or the techniques that have not been experienced yesterday are shown today, with the small incremental experiences adding up, we are definitely growing.

 As expected, having a rival has great advantages, with overlook-able demerits.

 There's a target to chase and surpass is all.

 Perhaps the ability value has only increased by 1 or 2 points, but, to the people whose differences are very slight, this is of utmost significance.

 Without our conscious knowledge, we have become stronger.

 But in terms of growth, Eris is much faster.

 If you let a goat and lion train together, of course the lion will get stronger quicker than the goat.

 But having been trained by Paul every since I began to walk, I feel unsatisfied by this.

 "Rudeus is still not good enough!!"

 Eris crosses her arms and looks condescendingly at me lying sprawled on the ground.

 In the end, she gets scolded by Ghyslaine.

 "Don't brag, Eris. You have been learning the sword for much longer."

 Only during the sword lessons will Ghyslaine call her name directly.

 She says it's a must.

 "I got it! And Rudeus also knows magic!"

 "As you say."

 Only my magic standard is recognized by her.

 "But it's really strange. Rudeus's reactions become slow when the opponent attacks him……"

 "Because I'm scared. I'm afraid of the opponent in front of me attacking me."

 Just as I finished speaking, my head gets smacked by Eris with a punch.

 "What are you talking about! You're useless! Because of that you're being looked down!"

 "No, Rudeus is a magician. This is enough."

 Ghyslaine immediately adds in, but in the end Eris nods like a know-it-all.

 "Is that so? Then it can't be helped!"

 Eh? Why do I have to be hit?

 "I'm sorry, I don't know how to correct your bad habit about your legs trembling. This is something you need to overcome yourself."

 "I got it."

 As I am now, my legs tremble regardless of who I am facing as an opponent. I still have a long way to go.

 "But after I began to receive Ghyslaine's instructions, I have definitely been improving."

 "Paul belongs to the instinctive type, he's not good at teaching others."

 An instinctive type!

 Ah, so something like this also exists in this world.

 "What is this "instinctive type"?"

 "Any person who does not grasp techniques consciously, and instead chooses to rely on his gut feelings and instincts is an 'instinctive type'."

 I answer her question, and Eris immediately pouts.

 She probably belongs to the instinctive school.

 "What's wrong with being instinctive?"

 It's really difficult to answer Eris's questions in the first place due to her obstinate characteristic, but now I am asked whether being an "instinctive type" is good or not.

 Because we are learning the technique of the sword right now, I let the teacher answer.

 I look at Ghyslaine.

 "It's not that it's bad. But even if ones's talented, if one doesn't use his mind to think then one won't become strong. In addition, the 'instinctive types' are not suited to teach others either."

 "Why aren't they suited to teach?"

 "Because they do not understand the techniques that they use. And if one doesn't understand everything, one precludes the prospect of learning a subsequent harder technique."

 Based on the Sword-King, everything up to the advanced rank are related to the basics. Only by establishing all the basics, and by being able to handle different situations with different reactions, can one become a Sword-Saint.

 To climb higher up, one can only rely on tiring diligence and talent.

 In the end, it's still talent.

 "I also belonged to the instinctive type, but after I began to think with my mind and got the theory down, I became a Sword King."

 "That's amazing."

 I'm impressed from the bottom of my heart. Correcting the actions that have always been done, and succeeding in it.

 This isn't something that can be easily accomplished.

 "Isn't Rudeus a Water-Saint ranked magician?"

 "I'm actually the instinctive type…… But magic and the sword techniques are different, as long as you have magic you can do it."

 "Oh, is that it…… But, the basics are important too right?"

 "I understand that. But rather, it's because of my teacher teaching well that I was able to become saint ranked."

 Come to think of it, I always remind myself that the basics are important, but I heavily favor the "Voiceless incantations".

 So what's the basics of magic?

 Roxy's classes are more towards development rather than the basics.

 All things considered, Roxy is also a genius type, and doesn't really favor the basics either.

 Hmmmmm……

 "In any case I don't plan to become so strong, so it's okay!"

 Eris interrupts my thoughts with her confident line.

 In middle school, I said something like that about not becoming number 1, and didn't put in effort.

 I plan to correct her thoughts,

 "But I will try hard to become strong like Ghyslaine and Rudeus."

 Unnecessary. She has a clear target.

 She's different from the past me.

 Part 5

 After the lessons from morning and afternoon are over, it's time for a break.

 That day, I decide to head to the library.

 That's because I saw Eris and Ghyslaine carrying magic teaching materials, so I thought the library might have a magic textbook.

 Because I didn't know where the place is, I let the maid with dog ears bring me there.

 "Ah."

 I meet Philip's wife halfway on the road.

 Her name is Hilda, and has the same flaming red hair like Eris, and a tsunami-like chest. Looks like I can expect good things from her daughter's growth.

 I was once introduced to her, but I didn't really interact with her.

 Let me think, I think it's a single hand placed on the chest……

 "Madam, today's a good day……"

 "Tch."

 Hilda scoffs at me and ignores my greeting.

 I freeze in the same posture.

 "Rudeus-sama……"

 "No, it's okay."

 The maid with dog ears tries to console me, but I stop her with my hand.

 But I still received a little shock. Did I get hated by her. But I didn't seem to do anything right……

 Come to think of it she doesn't have any other child other than Eris.

 No, I feel like if I find out and there's really one, and if the case is worse than Eris, I feel like my job load will multiply 3 or 4 times.

 I can't dig my own grave.

 When I reach the library I see Philip in there.

 "Are you interested in the library?"

 Philip looks expectantly at me.

 I don't know what he's expecting.

 "Hmm, yes slightly."

 "Then go ahead and take your time."

 I accepted his offer, and looked around the library, but there's nothing I am hoping to find.

 I was hoping to find a magic textbook like the one Roxy had, but all the documents are related to politics and are restricted from being taken out of the library. Magic textbooks are rare in this world, and it's not like you can find one anywhere.

 It did not go well at all.

 But I find some History books in the corner. If I'm free I'll skim over them.

 Part 6

 After a day's work, I'm in my own room preparing material for tomorrow's work.

 Basically it's questions for math and listening notes for language-

 -as well as the practice for teaching magic.

 I didn't prepare a learning schedule, and if I don't have anything else to teach within these 5 years it will be trouble, so the lessons are not progressing too fast. In any case, to prevent anything unclear, I carefully reviewed the plan for education.

 It was the same feeling when I taught Sylphy.

 Magic practice is very important. Because I don't chant when I cast magic, I keep forgetting the mantras.

 The only time when I earnestly memorized the words are from the detoxification and healing magic, and I have never memorized Attack Magic.

 The teaching materials are the same as the textbook in my home.

 Eris and Ghyslaine also have that.

 Based on the explanation, there were hundreds of books that went on sale that were written a thousand years ago.

 Before the appearance of the book, there's a need to find a teacher to learn from, and the so called teachers are mostly able to only use all the elementary ranked magic. One can find a teacher after much trouble, but there's nothing to be learned, cases like these are plentiful.

 Even though it's on sale, the books available are really low in quantity, and even if you sell them in the market, the people who aren't interested in magic will not take a look at them.

 There's no printing technology in this world either.

 This book that sold in a large volume was 50 years ago.

 Thanks to the materials that can be cheaply bought, the numbers of magician have increased by a great amount.

 The magicians are conquering the world…… no, but amongst the Asuran nobles they are taught a substantial amount.

 But, what's the reason that led to the increase of the magic materials……

 I think as I flip the pages, and written on the book is [Published by Ranoa's university.]

 They are really good at business.

 Just like that, the days as a home tutor, quickly flies by.

 --Status--

 Name: Eris Boreas Greyrat

 Profession: Granddaughter of the lord of Fedoa

 Personality: Violent

 Talking to her: She will listen a little

 Language: Able to write her family names

 Math: Has trouble with subtraction

 Magic: She wants to work hard on it

 Sword: Elementary ranked in the Sword-God style

 Etiquette: Knows the common greeting

 The people she likes: Grandfather, Ghyslaine

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
