Volume 16  2 — Diary - Second Half

Volume 16 Chapter 2 - Diary - Second Half

 

 Part 1

 The next day.

 I've decided to read the rest of the diary.

 Though I say this, it seems that after Sylphy's death, he didn't write anything for a while. The paper quality's different to the place that I read up to yesterday. Did he not write anything for a year? Two years? Or perhaps even longer. Five years or ten years? I don't really know what happened during that period.

 But I do know that the contents of the diary have become more frivolous. For example how the breasts of a nee-chan he saw in town were, or how her butt was. About how he went around the red light district, and which brothel was best. It's almost like the diary of a delinquent. He's written some pretty sleazy stuff.

 One day he wrote a ranking of all the women he's slept with so far. Is this really me? If I lose Sylphy and Roxy, will I become like this?

 At any rate, I think he lived for a few years with this kind of lifestyle, where he just picked up women. Though it isn't clearly written where he is, since the names of a few shops are familiar, he was probably still in the Magic City Sharia.

 Aisha, Norn, Lilia, Zenith and Lucy. Their names come out strangely little. Occasionally Zanoba or Julie's names will appear, and that's about it. Of all things, one day he had his eye on Julie. He had included Julie amongst those he could vent his lust on. Julie who had done her very best to follow Zanoba and my teachings. I don't want to think of this as me. No, I guess it's possible that it's me. Were it a situation where I had given into despair and my lower body, and I had my fame, my body, and my money, then…

 There was also Eris. Around this time, he was running from place to place to escape Eris. It seems that Eris was also living in Sharia, and each time they met she'd look unhappy and start bashing him.

 『I wanted to catch her one day and mess her up, but I'm scared of her revenge so she's a no go.』 was written.

 Worthless. But I can also tell that he has complicated feelings towards Eris. I wonder if he felt a little bit like he wanted to start things over with her. I wonder if it's because of Sylphy and Roxy that he wasn't able to love her, so things became like this. I feel like there's a bit of a contradiction in the things that he wrote he did.

 There were a few disquieting things written here. It seems that the Milis Church had placed a bounty on his and Zanoba's heads, and bounty hunters and assassins were popping up quickly. It seems that they weren't a big deal and all had the tables turned on them…

 But as I was thinking, when I turned to the next page, the contents changed again.

 It seems another year passed by. He didn't write what happened. I should also mention that the quality of each page was considerably different, and the dates that he wrote entries were indeterminate.

 -----

 ■

 Norn's Ruijerd books and figures are doing well.

 Also, in collaboration with the Magic University, I started officially teaching chantless magic classes.

 The Holy Kingdom of Milis is demanding via the Kingdom of Asura that the Kingdom of Ranoa hand me over, but as long as I am of use to the Magic Triumvirate, they probably won't do so.

 As long as the Central Continent is separated by the Red Dragon Mountains, the attackers in a war would be at an overwhelming disadvantage, after all.

 It seems that the Kingdom of Asura still doesn't know that I was the culprit behind the fire murder incident. They're a stupid lot. They're probably filled with idiots.

 ■

 Zanoba is close to completing his automaton research.

 It took longer than expected.

 However, I don't have the excitement that I did back in the day.

 Just why have I been working on this?

 ■

 The automaton was a success.

 It's an automaton built in the spitting image of Sylphy.

 She has her own will, and acts independently.

 At the same time, she'll always listen to what I say.

 She's gentle, and obedient, and gets a little jealous, so it's like seeing the old Sylphy.

 But, this isn't it.

 This really isn't it…

 ■

 I destroyed the automaton.

 I thought that Zanoba would be angry, but on the contrary he apologized to me.

 The one who should be sorry is me.

 I can't be thankful enough to Zanoba.

 I'll make sure not to betray him at least.

 ■

 We created a doll that was different from Sylphy and Roxy.

 This one was named Fourtee by Zanoba.

 When I asked why that name, Zanoba replied with his chest held up in pride that it was because it was the fourteenth masterpiece.

 ■

 We mass produced Fourtee's sister machines and ended up deciding to sell them to the Magic Triumvirate.

 Having the country as your regular customer sure is good.

 Though I don't know how much use they'll be militarily, they're what Zanoba's and my skills have to offer.

 They should be stronger than the common knight or adventurer.

 Still, I've no goal now, huh.

 What should I research next?

 Though I don't really know why, it feels like I've been motivated for the first time in a long time.

 -----

 It seems that Zanoba's research ended up in success. However, the theory behind the technology isn't written here. I guess there's no real reason to compile a research report. If that sort of stuff were written, I think our research would take a huge leap, but…

 Well, I guess we don't need it anyway. Zanoba's having fun right now, and the process is important too.

 While I was thinking this, the next page completely changed. Again, the page was wrinkled with tears.

 -----

 ■

 Hitogami appeared in my dreams.

 I can still feel his touch on my shoulder.

 I loathe him.

 I really loathe him.

 ■

 I have to get stronger.

 I have to kill Hitogami.

 I definitely have to do this.

 If I don't kill that fucker, Sylphy, Roxy and Roxy's child won't be able to rest in peace.

 And I won't be able to feel better.

 ■

 Speaking of which, I wonder if Lilia and the rest are doing well.

 What kind of kid did Lucy grow up to be?

 Did she end up as a beauty who looks like Sylphy?

 Is she studying properly? Is she eating properly?

 …Why didn't I do things better after Sylphy died?

 Only Aisha returned and cared about me, but… even if I write it now, is there even any use?

 It's regrettable.

 ■

 How can I get stronger?

 Should I train my magic?

 Should I look for users of King Ranked and Emperor Ranked magic?

 No, going by the trend thus far, those above Saint Ranked only increase in scale, and won't really be of use in combat.

 The situation is that I have no King Ranked or above magic except the lightning attack, but even so I'm not lacking in offensive capabilities.

 The problem is defense and mobility.

 I can't wear touki, and my speed and defense fall behind others.

 what should I do?

 ■

 A certain book wrote about the Fighting God.

 The Fighting God wore a golden armor over his body, which meant that his physical abilities were increased manyfold.

 When I spoke about this with Zanoba, he came up with an idea.

 Wearing 『Zariff's Prosthetic Hand』 over my whole body.

 Thinking about it, though I can't use touki, as long as I fill mana into my prosthetic arm, I can display power greater than normal.

 If I make the armor myself, and make it the absolute hardest, then covered my whole body in it…

 Alright.

 ■

 I gained Zanoba's cooperation and the full-body armour was a success.

 It's a little over 2 metres.

 It ended up quite large.

 Moreover, the mana consumption is high, and no one can handle it but me.

 It's halfway to a huge piece of junk.

 Were Cliff alive, we might have been able to create a more efficient armor but…

 There's no use in saying that.

 At any rate, I've copied a certain game and named it 『Magic Armour』.

 Part 2

 After that, a story about me getting strong began.

 With the Magic Armor, that is, a full-bodied Zariff's Prosthetic Hand, I was able to gain power, speed and defense on the level of the 7 Major World Powers. It seems that using it for half a day at full power was his limit, but even at 30% output, he wouldn't lose against common enemies. It really was a successful concept, huh? Though considering that it's written that the Fighting God wore a similar equipment, this idea has been around for a long, long time though.

 …Though I also want a Magic Armor, would we be able to create one with our current level of research? No, it's not about being able or not. We'll do it.

 At any rate, for the names of my other family members to show up so very little, I wonder if they left. Let alone Norn, to even use up Lilia's good graces… Just how far did I…?

 No, though he didn't write the details, there's the possibility that they were in danger from Milishion assassins. Yeah, that's it.

 Well anyway, I'd better start treating my family extra kindly. Yeah. If I remember correctly, Norn is coming home today, right? In that case, I wonder if we should all eat out for once. Well, it's always a good thing to spend time with family.

 "Onii-chan, lunch is done! Let's eat together!"

 While I was thinking, Aisha's voice came from behind me. When I got out of my chair and opened the door, I found my lively little sister standing there in a maid outfit. She probably just came from tasting the food, because there was a little sauce on her mouth.

 "You have sauce on your mouth you know."

 I took out a handkerchief and wiped her mouth clean.

 "Mmguu, thanks."

 Aisha was smiling. Even after the Future Me became a worthless person, it seems she still took care of me. The old man didn't mention Aisha, but if she was the only family he had left, she was surely his emotional support.

 "Aisha. Do you have anything you want?"

 "Eh? What's this all of a sudden?"

 "Since you're always trying your best, I was thinking of rewarding you somehow."

 "Ehhh, no wayyy. I'll feel bad about Norn-nee if only I get something. …But you know, just recently I saw this cute hairclip. Eyes sparkling."

 Eyes sparkling isn't something you're supposed to say, damnit.

 Just who'd you learn that off?

 Well, it was probably me, though.

 "Alright. Let's go shopping next time. We'll keep it a secret from Norn, okay?"

 "Eh-!?"

 Aisha twisted her body into an exaggeratedly shocked pose.

 "Whawhat? Really, what's the matter, Onii-chan? What's your purpose? Hah-! Could it be that you're after my body!? Would it be better if I cleaned my body and headed to your room tonight, Danna-sama? Uhun!"

 "Yeah, yeah, let's just eat lunch first. It'll get cold, after all."

 "Okaaay."

 After having such a conversation, we moved to the dining room.

 Though Roxy and Norn weren't here, eating with my family made the food seem really delicious. When I frankly said that today's food tasted better than usual, Lilia smiled just a little.

 -----

 After lunch, I return to the diary.

 The Future Me journeyed the world looking for a way to reach Hitogami. On his journey he met a great number of people, and was shocked at the lack of information. The chance of those who were long-lived having information on Hitogami was high. After realizing this rule, he focused on those who were long-lived. He steadily trained his magic, developed magic, and became stronger a little at a time.

 Gravity magic, electricity magic, voice magic… He even managed to increase his healing magic to Saint Ranked. He concluded that magic was versatile, and as long as he had the right feeling for it, he could do anything. He wrote things like how the mouse was the carrier of the Magic Stone Disease, and how Sylphy's death was possibly at the hands of Hitogami.

 At a glance he seemed to be doing favorably. But because he couldn't get even a little information, the Future Me started to grow enraged, little by little. In those days, it seems that he wasn't a very good person. Quarrels would arise wherever he went, and after defeating small fry he'd look down on and scorn them. He did whatever he wanted, and he'd even rape women who passed by. Though I thought he'd know better at his age…

 I don't want to become like this. 

 Also, Eris would frequently appear. It seems that on his journey around the world he came into contact with Eris countless times. And because Eris was strong, he tasted defeat countless times.

 Though you can't tell from the words, Eris may have been remonstrating me for turning into a piece of trash. But because Eris got in his way, he started misunderstanding her as a pawn of Hitogami or something. He arbitrarily decided that Eris was interfering with him whenever something was inconvenient for Hitogami. [There's no doubt that Eris is being manipulated by Hitogami] he thought.

 As I continued reading, I found that he started hating Eris more and more. It was something without any proof that he arbitrarily decided upon. It probably counts as a type of unjustified hatred.

 And it seems that Eris gradually became unable to beat him. Was it because he got stronger, or was it because of age that Eris became weaker? I can't tell from what's written. In the end, 'that' time came.

 -----

 ■

 Eris was crying.

 How long has it been since I've seen Eris crying?

 I might have overdone it.

 Could it be that she has nothing to do with Hitogami?

 No, but if that's the case then it doesn't explain why she's been whole-heartedly getting in my way the whole time since Sylphy's death.

 Moreover, when I questioned her during my journey, she would always keep her mouth shut.

 She knows something.

 Something.

 ■

 Eris escaped.

 There were bite marks on the handcuffs.

 Are her teeth made of steel!?

 Fuck.

 ■

 I'll have an audience with Atofe tomorrow.

 Though I don't think that muscle-brained idiot knows anything, as a long lived immortal demon, the chance that she knows something is high.

 Even if I have to beat her half to death, I'll question her.

 ■

 Eris died.

 Ghyslaine blamed me.

 I don't understand.

 ■

 I'll try and organize what happened yesterday.

 I ended up fighting Atofe. Atofe, Atofe's imperial guard, I fought all of them together.

 I thought I could do it, but as expected, Moore got in my way.

 I was careless and completely messed up. Even though I should've known that the man known as Moore was a terrifying master of magic… It was because I was too focused on Atofe.

 When I was in dire straits, Eris leapt in.

 She covered for me, and died.

 Ghyslaine told me the reason.

 She told me about everything from the day we met again, until today.

 Eris had just wanted to be by my side.

 I had always, always been misunderstanding her.

 She had loved me all this time.

 It was because of this alone that she'd been following me around.

 It's like a joke.

 Part 3

 The details aren't really written here, but it's probably the same as what the old man told me.

 …I guess I really should marry Eris, huh?

 How do I say this, I feel that she should be rewarded.

 But would Sylphy and Roxy allow it?

 Roxy wouldn't oppose it.

 But what would Sylphy say?

 Sylphy who was jealous of Nanahoshi…

 No, at any rate I probably have no choice but to discuss it with them. Sending the letter comes after that. I'll discuss it with them tonight when Roxy comes home or something.

 Let's continue reading.

 After this, once again he didn't write anything important for a while. He moved here and there, and met this person and that, and fought with someone or other. All this was written indifferently. Amongst those he fought were brave people like the Water Emperor, or the North Emperor. However, it was like he didn't care in the least about defeating them, and didn't write the details. It was just stuff like,

 [I killed ____. He didn't know anything about Hitogami.]

 And the years flew by once again.

 The next time he wrote anything long was on paper of plainly different quality.

 -----

 ■

 Zanoba died.

 At some point, I don't know when, The Order of the Temple entered the Kingdom of Ranoa.

 When I came running, it was already too late for anything.

 The mansion was burnt down, there were black scorch marks in front of the door to Zanoba's cellar, and inside were Ginger, Julie and Aisha who I had left with Zanoba, chopped to pieces.

 In the Kingdom of Ranoa, I once again ended up massacring the Order of the Temple.

 But by the time I killed them, there was already no point.

 Even though Zanoba had always given his best for me.

 Why wasn't I there when he was in trouble?

 For what reason have I gained all this power?

 I'm powerless.

 ■

 In the end, everyone died.

 The only one left is me.

 There's no one left anymore.

 I couldn't protect anyone.

 ■

 It's because of Hitogami.

 I have to at least kill Hitogami…

 -----

 The contents suddenly became heavy. Zanoba and Aisha died too, huh? …That's harsh.

 But still, I wonder if he didn't search for our family? Well, I don't know how he'd be able to face Lucy after all this time though.

 …Or could it be that despite not being written in this diary, Lilia and the others died as well?

 For Norn not to be mentioned either…

 …No, let's stop with this. Let's think of things that weren't written as things that didn't happen.

 Still, Zanoba's death really didn't have anything to do with Hitogami but… It seems that he had already badly fallen into tunnel vision by then.

 After this, he began searching for Hitogami like a madman. More severely than ever before, he proceeded with a vigor that massacred everyone in his way.

 Then, he found it.

 -----

 ■

 I'm excited.

 I'm in the far reaches of the Begaritto Continent.

 In a place that basically no one has stepped before, I found a certain ruin.

 It's the ruin of the ancient Dragon Race.

 According to the wall art left here…

 This world is separated into 6 parts.

 The Dragon World.

 The Human World.

 The Demon World.

 The Beast World.

 The Ocean World.

 The Sky World.

 Each of them is like one of six surfaces; in other words, they're connected like a die.

 Inside them.

 In the interior of the die, is the Void World.

 If you want to travel from one world to another, you have no choice but to go through the Void World.

 But unless you use a certain method, you can't pass through the Void World.

 After this, the wall was broken so I couldn't read it, but at the very end, this was written:

 『Hitogami… is the Void World』

 I've finally found him.

 I think I'll stay here for a while and research what's written here.

 ■

 Written on the wall art is the history of the attempts at reaching the heart of the Void World.

 It seems to be derived from magic like summoning magic or teleport magic that uses the Void World as a path.

 I guess I really should research in that direction, huh?

 ■

 I've studied the entirety of these ruins.

 It seems that the ancient Dragon Race built something for the sake of reaching the heart of the Void World.

 But, I don't know what it was.

 The part of the wall art that described it was collapsed.

 But there's no mistake that it's something related to summoning and transfer magic.

 ■

 When you mention summoning, what comes to mind is Perugius.

 That guy is informed on summoning magic.

 If I ask him, he might know something.

 ■

 Perugius didn't know a thing.

 To start with, that guy didn't even know about Hitogami.

 Besides the fact that Laplace would become enraged at the word Hitogami, Perugius didn't know a thing.

 With this, I'm back to the starting point.

 Though Laplace knew of Hitogami, he doesn't exist in this world anymore… Perhaps Orsted might know something.

 ■

 I never even got close to meeting Orsted.

 I guess I really should research teleport magic, huh?

 Still, it might be because I've continued to fight over these past few decades, but the movements of my body are becoming slower.

 I might be about to hit my limit.

 No, while I can still move, I'll go search for another ancient Dragon Race ruin.

 -----

 This world is a die, and in the hollow part inside is the Void World.

 And Hitogami is literally in the heart of this world.

 I see.

 That feeling of being sucked underground when I'm being transferred. It's because I'm really being pulled underground and I pass through the Void World. Though I say 'underground', even if I dig into the earth, I probably won't reach the Void World.

 Now then, the continuation is a few years later, huh. It's a diary with a lot of omissions.

 -----

 ■

 I found a second ancient Dragon Race ruin.

 It's deep in the mountains on the Magic Continent.

 Just why did the ancient Dragon Race build their ruins in such an out of the way and dangerous place?

 This area is filled with nothing but troublesome monsters.

 Ah… Come to think of it, is Perugius's flying castle also a ruin?

 Well, whatever.

 I'll conquer the ruins starting tomorrow.

 ■

 It bore fruit.

 I found a complete version of the wall art that I found a few years ago.

 This place had the missing parts of the method of reaching the Void World that was collapsed on the other one.

 The ancient Dragon Race created 5 treasures. Using these, you can reach the Void World.

 …Finally.

 Finally, it seems that I'll be able to reach Hitogami.

 However, I'm already over 60 years old.

 My body is rickety.

 Will I make it in time?

 ■

 When I returned to Perugius's place, a certain matter was proven.

 It was that the ancient Dragon Race produced 5 treasures.

 Each one of the Five Dragon Generals held one, and it seems only the Dragon God held the secret to the door to the world.

 But of the Five Dragon Generals, one has already died.

 The treasure he held is missing.

 The final member of the Five Dragon Generals is also missing.

 According to Perugius, it seems that the final member will appear in a few decades.

 I almost remembered something about the implications of his words, but in the end couldn't remember.

 Lately it's getting harder to remember what I want.

 I wonder if Perugius is still hiding something.

 I'm irritated.

 However, Perugius is the only person I can talk about the good days with.

 I don't want to kill him.

 Perugius said that if it was Orsted, he might know about the secret, but… I haven't the slightest clue where he is.

 There are still a few decades until the final person appears.

 Just that is enough to feel despair about.

 I probably can't live that long. This body is already at its limit.

 I can feel that I don't have much longer to live.

 What should I do…?

 I don't have any time left.

 ■

 I can't obtain the treasures of the Five Dragon Generals.

 Whether because they're treasures, or because they're secret, it doesn't seem like I can produce them.

 There's too much I don't understand about their principles.

 I… can't go to the Void World.

 ■

 I'm tired of this.

 Just how long must I struggle by myself?

 For who am I even doing this for?

 Even my hatred towards Hitogami is wearing out.

 I'm tired.

 I just feel tired.

 Part 4

 I could feel that he'd really given up.

 There aren't many pages left.

 So I'd just read roughly 50 years worth, huh?

 Without any results to show for it, he continued to do nothing but struggle, and the result was that he didn't get anywhere.

 Even if he weren't me, he'd probably stop thinking about anything at all due to the weariness.

 No, if it were the current me, I might have given up at an even earlier stage.

 -----

 ■

 I think I'd better write my research notes separately here as well.

 Among my transfer magic research was a certain hypothesis:

 『Summoning magic』 and the magic recorded on the Dragon Race wall art. If I modify these two, I might be able to travel to the past.

 However, on top of it being theoretical, just transferring back in time a few seconds should take a tremendous amount of mana.

 If I leap back in the order of years, just how much mana would I need?

 ■

 I've decided to go to the past.

 I have my diary with me.

 If I use this diary as the origin, I might be able to return to the moment I wrote this diary.

 I'll go back to the time when I was tricked by Hitogami, when I let out that rat, and when I killed Roxy.

 I don't know if I'll be able to go.

 I don't know what'll happen if I transfer to the past.

 I'm aware of the concept known as a 'time paradox'.

 ■

 There are a lot of things I'm uneasy about.

 Will it be a time slip or a time leap?

 If it's a time slip, what is it that I should tell them?

 I should tell them about the Magic Stone Disease, about Eris, and then about Hitogami.

 Will I be able to get it across to them?

 Will the me in the past believe that I came from the future?

 If it's a time leap, how should I face Sylphy and Roxy?

 I want to see them once again. I want to meet them again. I want to apologize to them.

 But when I think that I'll overwrite the consciousness of the me from when I was happy…

 Should I conduct more experiments regarding this point?

 Considering that I don't know if I'll cause a time paradox, I feel that it'd be best not to experiment too much.

 There's also the possibility that if I go back a few days, only my consciousness travels there and I leave my memory behind.

 It's possible that I'd continue to loop meaninglessly, unable to even die, and continue to live in this world…

 In that case, at the very least… Sylphy and Roxy one last time…

 No, I guess it's fine.

 Let's stop thinking about the difficult things.

 I don't have anything left anyway.

 I couldn't accomplish a thing. I've become a worthless man.

 Even if I fail and it becomes the cause for some other incident, I don't care.

 I'm already fine with whatever.

 But if I manage to succeed, then… I might give Hitogami a hell of a shock.

 -----

 The diary stops there. He probably leapt to me after that. He probably realized he didn't have enough mana at that point.

 I don't understand the theory behind his slight failure to leap to the past using teleport magic. In the first place, based purely on what I've read, wouldn't he have been fine with mana consumption had he just leapt to the past bit by bit? I wonder if it's because he was senile that he didn't realize that.

 No, that's probably not it, huh.

 The me from that time definitely had confidence in his mana pool. The thought that he didn't have enough might not have even crossed his mind.

 But somehow or other, I understood just what I needed to; if I don't want to become like this, I must take action.

 "I've returned."

 The moment I thought that, I heard Roxy's voice from the entrance.

 The things that I can do right now…

 First, I'll have a discussion with Sylphy and Roxy tonight.

 About Eris, as well as what to do from now on.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
