Volume 16  5 — Letter Arrives

Volume 16 Chapter 5 - Letter Arrives

 

 In the far northwestern edge of the continent.

 The Holy Land of the Sword.

 It's a place where you can always hear the sound of wooden swords striking and yells filled with fighting spirit.

 More than half of the people you'll find walking around in this place can be seen wearing martial arts outfits or similar styles comfortable for fighting in as well as holding a wooden sword and towel in their hands.

 Sometimes, people who appear to be swordsmen stay in the city, and almost all of them end up in clothes that make it easy to move around for practice.

 Near that town.

 Sitting in a land full of snow is the entrance to a large dojo.

 Standing there is a woman wearing a swordsman outfit.

 Wearing black and flexible clothing from top to bottom.

 Worn on top of that is a traditional coat given to Sword Saints from the Sword God Style.

 On her waist were two swords of varying sizes, one of which you could tell was made by a very renowned blacksmith from the overwhelming quality it displayed.

 Without a doubt, the person wearing a sword of this quality must be one of the best disciples under the Sword God Style and a person of great valor.

 If you see her appearance combined with that deep crimson hair, it gives off the image of a lion.

 If she were to walk down the road, nine out of every ten people would quickly move out of her path.

 She is a Sword King.

 Known as [Mad Sword King] Eris Greyrat.

 However, putting aside her majestic outfit, she was wearing a face filled with anxiety.

 "Hey Nina, is there really nothing strange about this?"

 "Yes yes, it's not strange at all. It looks very elegant."

 Standing in front of the red haired lion was another woman with dark blue hair wrapped in a martial arts outfit.

 It was Nina.

 She was starting to get sick of responding to the lion's worries.

 "Anyone who looks at you right now will see a great and imposing Sword King."

 "But, Rudeus always said he liked more frilly clothes."

 "Listen here."

 Nina sighed and let out a voice with a fed up tone.

 "How should I know if your outfit is strange or what kind of preferences a man would be interested in?"

 "I guess that is the case?"

 "Why are you looking at me with such pitiful eyes. Even I have already with Jino… No, never mind that."

 Nina shook her head and pointed out a finger.

 "In the first place, there's no way they would be selling clothes as fancy as that in this area. Where do you think this is? If you want to wear that kind of frilly clothing, go buy some in the city."

 "That is true."

 Eris was satisfied with Nina's suggestion and nodded.

 However, this was already the fifth time they had this back and forth exchange today.

 "Even more so, there's no point in worrying about these clothes here. It will take you at least a month to get to Magic City Sharia no matter how fast you hurry."

 "…"

 "Rather than clothes, make sure you properly clean yourself up before you meet. Take a bath, brush your hair properly, those sorts of things, and… um… it's obvious a woman who just smells like sweat will be hated."

 "Rudeus never once made a disgusted face even when we spent time together after sweating."

 "Well, it's not as if I can't understand that to some extent, it's something between you and your partner right?"

 "Instead, he seemed to be rather happy to smell the scent from my sweat soaked underwear."

 "Isn't he just a pervert!"

 Eris showed a bit of an offended face in response to those words.

 "Rudeus isn't a pervert; he's just a bit ecchi."

 "Though, to want to smell your scent? No matter how you look at it, he's a pervert!"

 "…"

 After hearing that Eris raised her arm and started sniffing around her armpit.

 However, all she could smell were freshly worn clothes and the smell of soap.

 She had just gotten out of the bath before starting to travel.

 "He's not…a pervert."

 "Well, maybe I said a bit too much just now."

 "…"

 The two of them went silent after that.

 Their hair was blowing in the freezing wind caused by this cold weather.

 "Ghyslaine is rather late."

 "She might be having trouble deciding which horse to pick."

 "That could be it."

 Eris nodded to Nina's words.

 "Come to think of it, I have heard a few rumors about your boyfriend."

 "What kind?"

 "If you see Rudeus Greyrat, your eyes will jump out of their sockets."

 "It's quite possible if it's Rudeus!"

 "Also, that he likes girls with small chests."

 While saying that, Nina looked at Eris.

 Eris as well took a look down at herself.

 There was a rather voluptuous chest that had been well trained as a swordsman.

 "It's alright."

 Even though she said that, Eris's face was a bit blue.

 "Then, there are more rumors that could be heard all around such as clearing some sort of legendary labyrinth, wiping out an immortal demon lord, and fighting a battle against one of the seven major world powers."

 "That's right, as expected of Rudeus after all. It's got to be like that."

 Eris's face turned a light shade of red.

 She was happy to hear Rudeus had been giving it his all just like her.

 "He sounds like quite the monster. Normally, most of these would be pretty unbelievable."

 "Right?"

 Eris stuck out her chest, broadened her lips into a smile, and let out a breath from her nose.

 "Though, I have heard a bit of a weird rumor as well."

 "What kind?"

 "Rudeus Greyrat is a major playboy, and he's always wandering around with a different woman near him."

 Eris's smile stiffened up.

 "Somehow, it kind of feels like he's so strong that he's allowed to do whatever he likes?"

 "…"

 "Hey, Eris, just saying this as example, but could it be that…"

 Nina said it with a small voice.

 "You've been forgotten?"

 Nina moved her left hand with high speed.

 In the next instant, there was the sound of Nina catching Eris's fist.

 "…"

 After catching her fist and being glared at by Eris, Nina avoided her gaze.

 "Sorry, sorry, it's just a rumor."

 Eris withdrew her fist and crossed her arms.

 She stood in a solid pose and turned her usually frowning face away.

 "…"

 "…"

 "Ghyslaine is here."

 Eris could see four horses coming in the edge of her sight.

 Leading them was a beast race woman.

 Sword King, Ghyslaine Dedorudia.

 In terms of age, she had already passed 40, though her body was still the same as always as she led two horses by the reins.

 Further behind her was a young beauty leading the other two horses.

 Dressed in travelers clothes, with hair flowing gently in the wind, she would capture the hearts of anyone who sees her with that seductiveness.

 Water God Style King, Isolte Cruel.

 On one of the horses she was leading, Water God Reida Ryia could be seen.

 "I've made you wait."

 While saying that, Ghyslaine led the horses packed with luggage up to Eris.

 "Another fight?"

 "It's Nina's fault."

 Eris made a frown, and Nina shrugged her shoulders.

 After seeing that, Ghyslaine whispered [I see] and laughed a bit.

 "Really now, Gull-boy isn't even going to come see you off it seems."

 It was a despondent voice.

 The strongest old woman here said that while looking towards the dojo with a displeased face.

 "Great Shisho-sama. It's because the Sword God-sama is weak to alcohol."

 "You're saying the alcohol from last night still remains? He should realize his age already and stop going overboard. Oh, that's right Nina. We might be able to win right now, so how about we try challenging him?"

 The old lady said something to try and incite Nina, but she smiled bitterly.

 "No, a swordsman should fight fair and square from the front."

 "Such an honest and good child. Well, in the not so distant future, you should be able to win. Give it your best."

 "Yes. I will work my hardest to make sure all of my teachings until now won't go to waste."

 After bowing her head to Reida, Nina turned to face Isolte.

 "Then, what are you guys going to do from here on out? You'll be traveling together with Eris until part of the way, right?"

 "Yes. We'll be returning to Asura Kingdom. I was invited to the castle to act as a sword instructor."

 "Ah, is that the case? It'll get lonely, won't it?"

 After Nina said that, Isolte smiled gently.

 "Nina, if you come to Asura Kingdom as well, stop by and pay us a visit. I'll guide you around the city."

 "No way. If some country bumpkin like myself goes to Asura Kingdom, they'll end up laughing at me over some strange thing."

 After saying that while her scratching her nose, Eris blew air from her nose with a [Hmph.]

 "It would be fine to beat up anyone who laughs at us."

 Nina laughed a bit after hearing what Eris said and remembered exactly who the three people here were.

 A Sword King, a Water King, and a Sword Saint.

 The only ones who would be able to laugh at them would be some strong being, out of their reach, or a fool.

 "Eris, it's about time we head off."

 "I know."

 After replying in an energetic voice, Isolte made a bitter smile and jumped onto the horse.

 Eris jumped onto her horse as well.

 The horse started to struggle from how roughly it was treated, but it returned to being docile when Eris pounded its neck.

 "Everyone stay well."

 Before anyone had realized, tear drops started to appear in Nina's eyes.

 These past few years.

 She was remembering the times since Eris's arrival.

 It was a bad meeting.

 Starting with humiliation, she had been forced to understand bitterness countless times.

 However, thanks to that, Nina learned to use the mortifying experiences as springs and learned from them.

 Since Isolte came here, she was saved countless times by her gentle mannerisms and way of speaking.

 If it weren't for these two, she would just be another one of those Sword Saints laying around all over the place.

 Never able to rise up to the stage known as Sword King.

 In other words, if it hadn't been for these two…

 "Hello. Mailman here, could someone please sign here?"

 Then, they heard a voice from out of nowhere.

 After brilliantly destroying such a moving moment, Nina was a bit irritated and faced the voice.

 There was a man wearing heavy winter clothes.

 He made a face as if he didn't understand what was going on with the people gathered here and then took out a single letter from his bag.

 "Jeez, who is it for?"

 "Umm, Eris Boreas Greyrat-sama."

 After hearing that, Eris raised her eyebrows and then opened her eyes after hearing the next words.

 "From Rudeus Greyrat-sama."

 "Rudeus!"

 Eris immediately jumped off the horse and stole the letter from the man.

 Then the moment she was about to tear open, the letter was grabbed by the man.

 "Just a minute, please sign. If I don't have that, I can't get the compensation."

 "Where?"

 "Ah, please wait just a second."

 The man then took out something like a receipt and a board out of his bag and handed it to Eris.

 Eris took the board and thought for a few seconds.

 Trying to remember how to write letters.

 Then, with bad handwriting, she wrote the name Eris Greyrat.

 After looking at those letters for a bit, she nodded and said [Alright.]

 "Yes, thank you very much. It's a pretty good job after all."

 After the man confirmed that, he quickly headed off and returned to the north.

 Eris couldn't care less about the man at all and just took the letter.

 After breaking the seal, she found the letters Eris Boreas Greyrat shown.

 It was certainly Rudeus's handwriting.

 (Jeez, Rudeus must have been in a hurry, my name is no longer Boreas. Ah, he must not know.)

 Then on the back, she noticed Rudeus Greyrat written very thoroughly.

 He's as methodical and complete as always, while it still gives the feeling that it's missing something.

 Eris smiled a bit while remembering how she always used to learn by reading and repeating this handwriting.

 Then, she used a nail to open the end of the letter.

 It wouldn't open.

 After crunching away at it, trying to tear it open three or four times, she put her hand on the sword at her waist.

 After throwing the letter into the air she pulled out her sword.

 "Hah!"

 A flash.

 The letter wasn't cut into pieces, but there was just a clean cut on the end as it fell down into Eris's hands.

 Eris pulled open the cut end and took out the paper inside.

 Then, with an excited expression, she started to read it.

 Started to read it and continued to read it.

 However, that expression gradually changed into something unpleasant.

 "Hey, Eris, what is written?"

 "…?"

 After Nina asked, there was no answer from Eris.

 She just kept staring into space with a scary face.

 "Hey, answer me~"

 "Shut up! There's just a few too many words I don't know, so I can't read it!"

 "Ah, is that so?"

 "Nina, you read it!"

 "Eh? I can't read words either."

 "What! If you can't read words when you need to, then you'll be in trouble!"

 "Even though you say that so arrogantly, you can't even read it yourself!"

 During that argument, Isolte got off her horse.

 "Well, calm down a bit. I'll read it."

 "Ah, yeah. Please do."

 Eris obediently gave Isolte the letter.

 Isolte let her eyes scan over the page. Slowly reading it to herself.

 However, her face gradually changed into something grim.

 "What is with this person?!"

 "Wh…what? What's written?"

 "Eris. You've been giving your best until now for this person? Ah, how pitiful. Milis-sama, please save this poor child!"

 After saying that, Isolte started praying to the sky and looked at Eris with eyes filled with pity.

 "I won't say anything bad, but Eris, don't bother going to Sharia and come with us to Asura. There's no reason for you to be cheated by a bad man."

 "It's fine, just tell me what is written there right now, or I'll beat you down!"

 "I understand. Listen carefully now, this is what's written."

 Eris put her hand on the sword at her waist, and Isolte started reading the letter with a voice filled with anger.

 "Dear Eris-sama,

 This is Rudeus Greyrat.

 Time has flown by these past five years since we separated.

 Do you still remember me?

 I will probably never be able to forget that time.

 The first night together with you. I swore in my heart to remain together with you for the rest of my life.

 However, when I woke up the next morning, you were nowhere to be seen.

 The feelings of loss and collapse at that moment brought about a deep darkness upon my heart.

 The next three years were certainly painful, miserable, and empty.

 Naturally, I don't hold a grudge about that any more.

 Still, I would be greatly blessed if you could comprehend how deeply sad I felt at that time.

 Now then, the reason I am sending this letter is because a certain person advised me in regards to your feelings.

 I thought without a doubt that you wanted to completely cut off ties with me and set off on a trip by yourself.

 However, this person informed me that it was all my misunderstanding and your feelings were always directed towards me.

 Currently, I have two wives.

 Both of them saved me from the dark and deep suffering I was experiencing.

 Even in the case that there was a misunderstanding about how you felt about me, it is still a fact that I was deeply depressed and that they saved me.

 However, in the case that you honestly feel the same way about me,

 If you still wish to marry me and still wish to live together with me,

 I have made arrangements to accept you.

 Though you might feel unhappy about this, I have absolutely no intention of separating from my current family, so you would become my third wife.

 In the case that you feel unhappy about this, I have already resolved to receive your fist.

 In regards to this, please forgive me after two or three hits.

 However, if possible, I do not wish to fight with you.

 I feel even if you do not wish to become a member of my family, we could form a fine friendship.

 That is all.

 From Rudeus Greyrat."

 "…"

 After hearing the contents of that letter, Eris stiffened up.

 After seeing Eris stiffen up, Isolte started spitting out words in disgust.

 "He's a cruel man isn't he! He already has two wives and takes the attitude of [It's fine if you become the third]! I can't help but think he is looking down on women!"

 "Is that right? I think he put a considerable amount of thought into writing it."

 Nina objected to Isolte with her opinion after hearing the contents of the letter.

 "Consideration?! It's the first letter in a long time and not even a single word of love is mentioned?! That's not all, talking about somehow or other accepting her as if he's looking down from above! I can't bring myself to like this Rudeus person!"

 "It's written that he thought he was thrown away by Eris and experienced three years of suffering isn't it? I think Eris has some responsibility for neglecting him as well!"

 "That is obviously just an excuse! He's clearly just after Eris's body and her skill with the sword."

 "No, if he's only after that, isn't it a bit risky considering that it is Eris?"

 Isolte swelled up in anger, and Nina groaned.

 Eris stood in a pose with her arms crossed staring at the sky.

 There was no longer a single thing reflected within those eyes.

 The sky is blue, and the heart is pure white.

 "Oh? There was one more piece of paper."

 Then, Isolte found another piece of paper in the letter.

 After taking it out she started reading it aloud.

 "Ummm, let's see what's written here."

 "Postscript.

 I am about to challenge the Dragon God Orsted to a battle.

 I don't know if I will be able to kill him.

 I may no longer be in this world by the time this letter reaches you.

 In the case that I am able to return home alive, let us continue this conversation."

 By the time Isolte had finished reading it her face had completely stiffened up.

 Nina had also stiffened up.

 That expression was filled with fear.

 They felt nothing but fear towards the words [Challenge the Dragon God Orsted to a battle.]

 However, a smile appeared on Eris's face.

 Those eyes had already regained their light; they were filled with the flames of madness and resolve.

 "I'll be late if we don't hurry."

 After saying that Eris jumped onto the horse.

 Only one thing remained within her mind at this point.

 "Ghyslaine, we're going!"

 Eris yelled while taking off on the horse.

 The horse kicked away snow while running forward, and Ghyslaine followed after that.

 The two took off in the direction of the man who sent the letter just now and, in no time at all, were too far to be seen.

 Nina and Isolte just continued to see them off with nothing but a dumbfounded expression.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
