Volume 16  6 — Preparation

Volume 16 Chapter 6 - Preparation

 

 Part 1

 A month after the conversation with Hitogami.

 Killing Orsted won't be a cake walk. He is the world's strongest!

 Obviously, that means he is even more overwhelmingly powerful than Ruijerd, Atofe, and Perugius.

 I can't even beat them, then how am I going to beat Orsted?

 Thus, I come up with three plans.

 Three.

 Everything comes in threes.

 Three little pigs, three good luck charms, etc.

 1. Develop magic armor

 2. Find a partner

 3. Research battle tactics

 First things first, develop magic armor. If what's written on the notebook is to be believed, then with that armor I can obtain superman-like

 physical ability.

 With that, the future me becomes incredibly powerful, so that's a must.

 First I purchased a small house near the edge of Magic City Sharia. Originally I wanted to borrow a space at the Sky Castle, but Perugius

 refused.

 About how the conversation went with Perugius, I'll talk about it later.

 I requested the help of Cliff and Zanoba, even though I didn't explain in details, they accepted my request.

 I asked Cliff to expand the Zariff's Arm system, and Zanoba to design the body structure and locomotion.

 Their eyes glittered as soon as I said magic armor, and soon got the idea.

 Even though power suits don't exist in this world… What boys long for, is probably the same in every world.

 Next I asked Sylphy and Roxy to help.

 Roxy became the project supervisor. Even though I can supervise the project myself, but only I could manufacture and refine the high strength

 stone needed for the shielding of the magic armor.

 A very time and magic consuming process, so I can't spare time for anything else.

 Sylphy can do Earth Magic with voiceless incantation. She is also well versed in magic circles, probably as a result of her research into the

 Metastasis Event. What I mean is, she's really high-spec.

 Since she can do everything, I had her be Roxy's assistant, helping out when anyone needs a hand.

 When I asked for help, Sylphy happily replied, "You can count on me." Somehow it feels like ages since Sylphy was this happy.

 Maybe she has been tolerant.

 She put up with a lot of things recently.

 I'm sorry.

 Anyways, in parallel of the above, number 2 was find a partner.

 Initially I thought about fighting alone, but I don't have the skill for that. Unlike the future Rudeus, I lack the combat experience.

 But I couldn't find a partner of that caliber either. Badigadi is missing. Ruijerd isn't here, and Perugius obviously refused.

 Perugius said this.

 "In this world there are three people you should never fight: Technique God, Fighting God, and Dragon God. Among those three, Dragon God Orsted is

 the strongest and the most ruthless. Even though I respect your determination to protect your family, and am curious of that Human God… I do not

 want to get involved. Until Laplace revives, I don't plan on dying."

 Even though I was hoping to trick him into helping somehow, but that looks to be impossible. On this side, I should just be thankful that he isn't

 going to interfere.

 Thus, outside of Perugius, I couldn't find anyone else capable of standing up to Orsted.

 Even though I can bring Zanoba, but if Atofe can deal that sort of damage on the miko, then there's no question that Orsted could as well.

 I don't want Zanoba to die. He is my closest friend.

 Same goes for Cliff and Elinalise. I don't want them to die either.

 When it comes down to it, there's no one that can fight with me.

 Suddenly, I thought of Eris. I don't know when she'll come, but according to the diary, she was a match against me even when I wore the magic

 armor.

 If she arrives in time for my preparations, and we were able to settle things, then maybe I can beg her for help.

 I might be too selfish.

 For now, number 2 will have to wait. Finally number 3, research battle tactics and simulate the attack.

 A solo fight to the death, there are plenty of ways about it.

 Since there's no chance of collateral damage, as long as I can keep the distance, I can employ plenty of area of effect spells.

 As long as the range is large enough, there should be no way to avoid it. A direct strike spell like [Lightning] might deal more damage, but

 a person like Orsted would probably avoid it somehow.

 In that case, then my best chance is to stand at range and just keep throwing area spells one after another. You can't use [Magic Disrupt] if the

 opponent is beyond your field of vision.

 If I sneak attack Orsted in a moment of negligence, then maybe I might break through his defenses.

 Thus, my best bet might be to set up a trap, lure him into somewhere empty, put something there for him to pick up, and hit him when he does.

 The problem is how do I lure him in… Maybe I can take Nanahoshi hostage, or maybe I can use Hitogami, anything as long as it works.

 Next, of course, just range attacks alone won't be enough to take him. Well, maybe I could, but it's better if I plan for the worst.

 Afterwards it's close combat in the magic armor, but this is uncharted territory. Can my mind even keep up in a high speed fight…? This I

 won't know until the magic armor is ready.

 Thinking like this reminds me of when I just came to this world, when I busied myself with tactics to beat Paul.

 Even though I wanted to beat Paul at least once, I never ended up getting my wish.

 But tactics from then still root deep in my memories. I'll just go with those, a mix of magic and physical combat, a 3D fight.

 No matter the enemy, the tactics remain the same.

 Keep the distance, attack unilaterally.

 Don't let up, force his every move.

 That is the best.

 But Orsted knows [Magic Disruption], and Dragon Gate too. He definitely has other moves up his sleeves. In a magic fight, I might not have

 the advantage.

 Traps, sneak attack, and what else? Can I beat him? I need to think this through.

 I want to do 3 things, but only got to 2. Truth be told, I'm aware of how impatient I'm acting. I'm too shortsighted.

 I know that ideally, if I spend more time refining and practicing my tactics, like for ten years…

 I'm well aware that I should spend more time planning and testing my strategies. Like spend 10 years to come up with ways to drive Orsted into a

 corner, that might work the best.

 But if I take my time, Hitogami might have a change of mind halfway through. If someone dies before I could notice, I'd regret forever.

 Part 2

 While I was making those moves.

 Hitogami reappears in a dream.

 ---

 A snow white space. I'm in the middle of a empty world.

 "Wow, it has progressed better than I expected."

 Yes.

 Just as you instructed, I will fight Orsted.

 "Fighting alone isn't enough. If you don't kill him…"

 You seem to be in a good mood.

 Do you really enjoy having me dance in the palm of your hand that much?

 "Even I can't tell the outcome, how exciting!"

 Right.

 By the way, since you're appearing like this, in other words, what you said before, that you can't appear without matching frequencies, that

 was a lie?

 "Yep. I lied."

 You shameless bastard…

 Then I guess you can only contact specific individuals was a lie too?

 "Yep. That too. But don't you feel special to be chosen by God?"

 Pssh…

 Well, forget it.

 Eventually I will tell Sylphy and Roxy about fighting Orsted.

 If I die, my descendants will surely consider Orsted their father's murderer and hate him, that's why…

 "That alone won't be enough to change their fate. If you don't kill him for me, I will wipe them all out. No matter how long it takes."

 Wipe out? Don't say something so scary.

 Anyways.

 Regardless, finishing the magic armor will take a while.

 The principles are completely uncharted territory, even Cliff is feeling stuck.

 I'm putting my all in development as well… but it would take at least half a year more.

 "Cliff, let him concentrate on magic circles needed to strengthen the armor core. You just focus on the necessary stone shielding and

 joints. For magic circles for rest of the body, use the Arrestar method instead of Vindo ones . That

 should do it. Also, get Zanoba to design it a little bigger. That way, the consumption increases, but you can lay a redundant magic circle

 layer under the first one. With the two layers repairing each other, you can still move even with major damage."

 Eh, ehh?

 Aren't you well informed?

 "OF course, I'm Hitogami! Since I know about Fighting God's armor, I can give you some pointers."

 Hitogami…

 Say, people of this world call you Human God.

 What's up with that?

 Is Hitogami your alias?

 "Human God is just a nickname. Hitogami is my real name. Somehow or another the Human God name becomes known instead."

 That sounds like a lie.

 Well, it doesn't matter what you call yourself.

 Hey, will I win?

 With magic armor, traps, and sneak attack?

 "Well… your magic equals Laplace. If you put in the effort, who knows what might happen?"

 How irresponsible.

 Can't you give me your usual advice and help me win?

 "Then, go pick up some magic tools. The sort that shoots when you pour magic into it. You can find those on sale anywhere. Those things

 have limiters for regular people. But if you really want to, you can channel as much magic through it as you like. Sky is the limit. Like

 that Zariff's Arm you guys made, make a magic tool with enormous output that only you can handle."

 Oh, I see.

 You actually offered some pretty good advice this time.

 "Since you have been a harder worker than I expected, I ought to offer a hand as well. My desire to see Orsted dead is true."

 … Feels likes you have some hidden motives again.

 Tell me the truth, for the magic armor too, nothing will blow up during the production process, right?

 "… Whose life will you wager for the answer to the question? Aisha? Norn? Lilia? Zenith?"

 Pssh…

 I can't win.

 "I cannot see Orsted's future. Of course, nor the result of your battle with him. That's why I do not know."

 I see.

 If you can't, then that means you don't know why you lost either.

 "Indeed."

 Say, if you can't see Orsted's future, then why did you know my descendants and Orsted will work together?

 "Even though I cannot see Orsted's future, I can see my own. Your descendants and a man I never saw before had me surrounded, with Orsted

 present in that moment."

 So you can see yourself. Then what happened? You got your ass kicked?

 "Resists in vain and brutally murdered."

 By the way, what did you do to Orsted anyways? Must be something awful for him to want you dead.

 "What can I say? I don't remember anything about him."

 Don't want to tell me, or you really don't know?

 Well, whatever.

 Your words are full of lies. Whatever you say, there's no way to trust them.

 "How rude! I should have you know, my only lie against your interests was the basement."

 So all the suggestions up till then was to build up to that one time?

 "Yep, just as you said. But if Roxy and you don't leave a child, I won't have to lie in the first place."

 Then you should have just told me not to have a child with Roxy! Why do you have to go through all that trouble?

 "The child will be born. No matter what I say, Roxy will have your child. That is fated. Even if I adjust… no matter how I adjust, that

 future will come."

 So it was destined…

 No, sorry for losing my temper.

 Indeed, Roxy and I married and had a child.

 In retrospect even I felt I made strange moves at times, so that must be fate.

 If that fate makes you unhappy, I'll change it, Hitogami.

 As you instructed, I'll kill Orsted.

 But before that, let me ask for one more.

 "What is it?"

 Once I kill Orsted, please leave me alone, and please leave my family alone. Promise me that.

 "Hey, do you really think I won't keep my promises?"

 I don't.

 I do think… what if killing Orsted is also a lie?

 And when I thought that, it makes me wonder whether betraying you, and siding with Orsted, would be a better choice.

 "Go ahead and try. Indeed I cannot kill you, nor can I kill Orsted, but prepare yourself. Do you really want to enjoy the wrath of God?"

 But you could be bluffing.

 Maybe you're just all talk.

 Always so coy with me.

 Maybe you're scared if I become your enemy?

 "Your fate is strong. I was merely trying to nip the problem in the bud. Ah… forget it. Not like you'll believe anything I say. Go ahead and underestimate me and see. Goodbye, enjoy your regrets."

 Ah… Wait. I'm sorry.

 Just ignore what I said. Hey, wait up!

 I just want some guarantees.

 You said that if I lose to Orsted you'll kill my whole family.

 On the other hand, if I did kill Orsted, what says you won't change your mind and kill them anyways?

 Under these circumstances, demanding that I beat Orsted and etc, staying motivated poses a challenge.

 "… Mm. You have a point. Fine, this is a promise. I, swear by my name as Hitogami, if you are to win against Orsted, thus eliminate my worries, then we shall cut all ties. You, your wives, your parents, your sisters, your descendants, even your body I shall not lift a finger, a toe, or a mouth against it."

 Really, promise?

 "How about, I throw a little help your way when your family is in trouble?"

 … No, I'm done with your advice.

 "Well, then, do your best."

 Part 3

 A month passed since that dream.

 Magic armor development has proceeded smoothly. Following Hitogami's advice, we enlarged the armor.

 Standing some 3 meters tall, about half of an Aura Battler .

 The magic armor in the diary only covers my body, so this is even bigger.

 We learned a lot by making it bigger.

 The engineering got easier, but it also became more robust.

 All in all, an excellent suggestion.

 After hearing Hitogami's advice, Cliff had an inspiration, and quickly found solutions to previous bottlenecks.

 I thought it would take six months, but it progresses far faster than I expected.

 According to schedule, it'll take another month.

 It'll only take three months…

 Under different circumstances I might even thank Hitogami.

 How ironic.

 The magic armor my future self developed to fight Hitogami.

 Now created with his advice.

 Thinking of that, I can't help but feel suspicious.

 But Zanoba and Cliff made it.

 I believe in them.

 ---

 We looked into magic tools as well, Roxy helped with this.

 Just as Hitogami said, we found them rather quickly on the street somewhere, a tube shaped magic tool.

 On a [Fire!] command, it can shoot off basic magic.

 For a magic tool it's relatively popular, but not a particularly powerful one.

 As a way to hit a running thief from a distance, it has occasional uses.

 According to Hitogami, if we modify this so it can handle my magic power, then I should be able to use it to fire off my standard Stone Cannons.

 Suddenly I had an inspiration. What if I increase my output, inject even more magic power, if I tie like 10 of them together, then maybe I

 can rapid fire?

 Maybe with that, my typical Stone Cannon can evolve into something like a gatling gun!

 When I said that to Roxy, she only nodded with a deadpan expression.

 "Rudi's magic is strong, but even you can only fire one shot at time. Good idea. I know a magic tool maker. Let me get in touch with her."

 After saying that, Roxy went to contact the magic tool maker she only recently met.

 She's a Long Ear Race not often seen in this region.

 Even though Long Ear Race are all born beautiful, her nails are covered in ashes, her face caked black, a true professional.

 She was shocked by the idea.

 "Say, if I make it to your specifications, then the magic consumption each time would be enormous. If you're sucked dry by the magic tool, you could even die!"

 That was a warning. I might die.

 Is that Hitogami's real goal? But I can fire ten, twenty thousand Stone Cannon a day without feeling drained… Well, who cares. I would be dead either way once I ran out of magic.

 This time if I don't push my magic to the limit, I won't win.

 "It's fine. I'm counting on you."

 After that said, the Long Ear Race professional could only nod reluctantly.

 Regardless, I got my close combat weapon.

 I pray that it works.

 On the way back, I talked a bit with Roxy.

 "I don't know who Rudi plans to fight, but is making that really necessary?"

 "I can win even without it."

 I said that to give Roxy a peace of mind.

 But Roxy pouted her mouth and looked back with suspicion.

 "Rudi used to be a good kid that never lies, but recently there's nothing but lies and secrets."

 Hearing that from her really hurts, but, lies and secrets, that has always been the case.

 "Sorry…"

 "No, it's fine. I have my own secret. But Rudi, I talk it out with other people. I don't mind if Rudi doesn't tell me, but please talk to someone? Don't try to carry everything by yourself."

 "Don't worry."

 I have some idea of Roxy's secret.

 Recently, she has been avoiding sexy time with me.

 Even though I haven't really pushed the topic, but I think she's intentionally avoiding the subject.

 She hasn't had any morning sickness yet, and her appearance looks the same, but she's probably pregnant.

 When will she finally announce it?

 After the first trimester?

 Or she's going to stay silent until my things are settled?

 No matter what, I hope she will announce it before my Orsted fight.

 I want to host a grand party for it.

 Because it might be my last.

 Part 4

 Next day, I went to visit Nanahoshi.

 I thought I would be refused entry, but I was let through.

 Perugius might fear Orsted, but he's rather lenient here.

 "I thought I would be barred."

 "Perugius is generous towards those about to die. Of course he'll allow you to say your last goodbyes with Nanahoshi."

 Sylvaril answers like a matter of fact to my question. They really consider me a dead man walking. I guess this is just fulfilling my last wishes.

 Well, that's fine. I accept their generosity.

 Nanahoshi has since regained her old energy.

 Seems like she brought out a few more personal items in her research lab. It feels less sterile than before.

 A Ruijerd figure decorates the window. Must be a present from Zanoba. And the cross must be from Cliff.

 Count on God when hardship comes. It won't hurt. Even though I didn't believe in God before coming to this world, but right now I can appreciate it.

 "This is the situation. My prep work is mostly complete. All that's left is how to lure him in. I was hoping to discuss this with you."

 "… I understand. But, I should have you know, Orsted is incredibly strong."

 "Yes."

 "He will show no mercy. I don't know how he selects his targets, but he won't hesitate to kill."

 "…"

 "During the several years I spent with him, I have never seen him struggle in a fight. Even taking gigantic dragons in one shot…"

 "Please don't say anymore. You're scaring me."

 "Sorry… but would you please reconsider? About killing Orsted…"

 "I already…"

 "Ah, sorry, I understand."

 I'm a bit uneasy now. Can I really… win?

 "Basically, I don't recommend you a straight fight."

 "Right. Even with augmented strength, I don't think I can win."

 "Lure him somewhere, then… while hiding you attack with magic. I think that's your best chance."

 "Yes. Anything else come to mind?"

 "Let me think… Ah!"

 "Thought of anything?"

 "… I only say this because I want to help you."

 "Go ahead."

 Nanahoshi swallows before continuing.

 "Poison. It might work."

 Poison.

 Even though Detoxification Magic exists in this world, but there are poisons and diseases that those magic cannot treat also.

 I don't know how well versed Orsted is in this area. Still, it won't hurt to try.

 If I ask Ariel about this, will she help? As royalty, she should be familiar with this.

 "Poison, traps, and attack from a distance… Oh yeah, Nanahoshi, will you be my hostage?"

 "Hostage… that's not impossible, but whether Orsted will actually come for me, I don't know."

 "That's true too… and if he found out you're in on it, then even Nanahoshi might get in trouble…"

 "Ah, yeah, right. I haven't thought of that."

 Well, forget it. Looking from her perspective, right now I'm basically acting like Hitogami would.

 Even though I know it might be effective, I don't want to give the other side too much motivation.

 In battle, suppressing the enemy's morale is important too.

 "Any other ideas?"

 "Let's see… in our old world, how do fights against a strong opponent in manga usually go again?"

 "Don't bother. I doubt consulting manga will get you anywhere…"

 …

 …

 After meeting with Nanahoshi, we come up with a few ideas.

 Even I thought they're rather sly.

 Although I don't think these little tricks would really work on Orsted.

 No, even if they're basically pranks, but enough of them together might do something.

 I don't think they'll all be pointless.

 "Well… then… do your best."

 "Yeah."

 "If you don't come back, I might not either."

 After talking with Nanahoshi, the plan to lure Orsted was ready too.

 Part 5

 I went to Ariel to ask for help.

 She looks bothered when I ask for poisons that can't be detoxed.

 Regardless, she still introduced me to a shady organization she has contact with.

 That organization started off as a thieves guild. Roughly speaking they're basically a gang or a mafia.

 They traffic anesthetics and bootlegs, and even poisons for assassinations.

 I was taken to the basement of a run down house somewhere in Magic City Sharia, a room with overwhelming fragrance.

 Waiting there is an one-eyed man in charge.

 "Welcome, Rudeus-san, nice to meet you."

 He laughs like he knows of me.

 "So what do you need? The slow kind? The fast kind? The kind that numbs the legs? Or the kind that keeps magicians from using their tongue? Or maybe the kind that would make your woman soaking wet, if your nights have been a bit dry. Why not give that a try?"

 From poison to numbing agents to aphrodisiacs.

 Perfect.

 "All of it."

 "All… Well, fine with me, but it's a little pricey?"

 "That's fine."

 "Haha, so you have someone you want dead… Even the aphrodisiacs? Want that?"

 "Well-"

 Suddenly, poisons won't work on Orsted, that thought flashes in my mind.

 A poison that detoxification doesn't work on, anyone would have thought of that.

 Since Orsted was cursed to be hated, he should also have been subjected to assassination attempts by poison.

 Maybe he has built up a tolerance, or maybe has an universal antidote of some kind.

 "That too."

 "Hehehe, even you want to see that straight laced wife of yours go wild sometimes."

 "My wife is playful in bed."

 "That Silent Fitts… I can't imagine."

 Well, I don't know what good aphrodisiacs would do, but I have some expectations. If it can effect the body just a little, it's worth a try.

 Thinking that, I bought the drugs.

 ---

 At the same time, I have been picking my battle grounds.

 Since I plan to fight solo, it needs to be far from the cities.

 Far from the city, not a soul in sight, then setup my traps there.

 Collect information from the Adventurer's Guild, and once obtained, check out the location in person.

 Also, on trap making, via Elinalise I was introduced to an adventurer to tutor me.

 He was originally an assassin, because of that he knows how to construct traps for men.

 Traps using psychology.

 I tried a few traps myself, no matter how careful, I was always caught.

 Even though I doubt their effectiveness against Orsted, but they're better than nothing.

 I also was tutored in close combat by Elinalise.

 Though her talent lies in group combat, so in 1v1 she's a bit lacking.

 But, after living for so long, she has her share of experience. Until now she has fought many difficult opponents. Even though strength-wise

 she's middling, she still survived until now.

 In my heart, I really wish I could consult Badigadi or Ruijerd for this, but complaining now is pointless.

 Perugius won't help either.

 Meanwhile, I start to think about combat with magic armor.

 Attach the magic tool on the magic armor, spam Stone Cannon at will.

 Likely a fight where I'm constantly on my back foot.

 Spam my shots, use quagmire and fog to restrict movement, and when an opportunity arise fire off the big guns.

 Straight forward.

 ---

 Finally.

 I lift the ban to the basement to pray for victory at my shrine.

 Two months after killing the rat. I can trust my future self. After so long, any germs from Magic Stone Disease should have died off.

 But, I still forbid Roxy from entry, and anyone who enters must do a thorough cleaning.

 Mostly for my peace of mind.

 While I was there, I dug around for anything useful against Orsted.

 The magic tools in the basement are all junk.

 They're soaked by [Frost Nova], but luckily they still work.

 A hat that produces water after you wear and remove it.

 A hat with a gemstone that glows when worn, a flashlight replacement.

 A box that produces heavy smoke when opened.

 A short sword that turns sticky when it strikes an opponent.

 A really smelly shoe when worn.

 Lots and lots of junk.

 If they're, well, stored away like this, they can't be too useful.

 Maybe if I ever need do tricks on the street.

 The fog box might come in handy. But I'm not sure how to use it against Orsted. It would probably be difficult.

 They're pointless if Orsted knows the trick, but some might be useful, so I'll take a few with me.

 Before leaving the basement, I pray once more for victory at the shrine.

 Serious this time. Do it twice.

 ---

 Preparations progressed steadily.

 But in my heart, doubt remains, too stubborn to leave.

 Really, would it work?

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
