Volume 16  9 — Mad Sword King vs. Dragon God

Volume 16 Chapter 9 - Mad Sword King vs. Dragon God

 

 Part 1

 Explaining why Eris Greyrat appeared before Orsted isn't difficult.

 A few days ago.

 2 females arrived at the entrance of magic city Sharia.

 A female of the Beast Race with grey hair.

 A female of the Human Race with majestic red hair.

 The female of the Beast Race was one head taller.

 Wearing similar tunics, both of them had swords hanging from their waists.

 Eris Greyrat and Ghyslaine Dedorudia.

 They have finally arrived at their destination after a long journey.

 The journey wasn't easy.

 In order to meet with Rudeus as fast possible, they chose a shortcut through the forest and got lost.

 While lost they stumbled deep inside a goblin nest and ended up fighting.

 When they finally exited the forest and entered a nearby city, they got into an argument with hoodlums.

 As a result, a large number of enemies appeared ensuing into a brawl.

 And so, they lost time fighting while leaving the city.

 As a consequence of constantly getting involved in battles, even though they managed to get to Sharia, it took considerable time.

 In any case, both of them are adventurers.

 Along the way, they gradually regained their bearings. Once they entered Ranoa kingdom, the journey went smoothly and they finally arrived at Magic City Sharia.

 Inside Magic City Sharia, everything went smoothly as well.

 When they went to the adventurer's guild to gather information, there were a lot of people who knew where Rudeus lived.

 In this city, almost everyone knew the name of Rudeus Greyrat.

 They were told that, a rare magical beast from the Begaritto continent and a suspicious Treant cultivated from the Magic continent could be seen from the gates, so it was easy to recognize.

 Their destination was easily located.

 If you compare the Rudeus estate to Eris's former home there is a world of difference but, it is still large enough to pass as an inn.

 The garden was so big that you could even use it as a training area.

 While conversing with Ghyslaine, in a rare case for Eris she hesitated to go inside.

 She silently stood still for awhile in front of the gates.

 Imposingly she stood still before it.

 Raising her chin, she silently looked up at the house.

 As if by doing so, Rudeus would notice her and come out.

 What was inside Eris's mind were the rumors she heard about Rudeus while travelling.

 Rudeus Greyrat the Quagmire.

 Defeated a stray dragon, repelling a demon king, holding the title of strongest in the magic university. Feared by those around him and displaying an overbearing attitude, he was still an ally of the weak. Along with comical rumors that continued on and on, it looks like he was a magician that wasn't hated.

 A strength that couldn't be described with words, delighting Eris each time she hears it as if it was about herself.

 In all the rumors about him, what caught Eris's attention most was not related to Rudeus's strength.

 It was the comical parts.

 For example; "Rudeus was a devoted husband, returning from school, he would go shopping with his wife."

 or "While shopping, he will start caressing his wife's butt and get scolded."

 or "He married a girl who looks like a child."

 or "He married twice, a disgrace to all Milis believers."

 In other words, it's the rumors about Rudeus's wives.

 Each time Eris remembers it, her eyebrows would meet and a deep wrinkle would form on her forehead.

 Around the time she entered Ranoa kingdom, she also found the names of the two wives.

 Sylphiette Greyrat and Roxy M. Greyrat.

 When the time comes to meet those two, Eris doesn't know what to do.

 She learned about them from the letter, and heard rumors about them while travelling. She had thought about several things during the journey but, when the time comes to talk, she didn't know if the conversation will go accordingly.

 To the Eris who stood still in front of the gate.

 The one who called out to her was a single maid, Aisha.

 At the time Eris appeared in front of the gate; [Is that Eris? You're Eris, right?]

 While answering her own question, she was already prepared to immediately respond when Eris knocked on the gates.

 However, after waiting for nearly one hour, in order to save Eris the effort, she moved instead.

 For Aisha, Eris was her benefactor.

 Although there was none she respected as much as her brother Rudeus, Eris was definitely part of the group that saved her in Shirone Kingdom.

 A debt of gratitude should be repaid, is something her mother taught her.

 At the time she heard the conversation of the three, she privately thought that if Eris loved her brother, she would support her.

 With Aisha's lead, Eris quietly went inside.

 She was warmly received by both Aisha and Lilia. While Aisha went out to call Sylphy and Roxy, she heard about Rudeus's situation from Lilia.

 Lucy, who is Rudeus's daughter.

 While looking at her Eris wore a complex facial expression, but realized no unpleasant feelings occurred.

 If it's children she can also give birth. A boy if possible.

 She was able to have such composure because of Aisha and Lilia's support.

 After Sylphy and Roxy returned along with Norn, the meeting went calmly.

 While Rudeus's two wives shuddered at the sight of Eris's well-bred breasts and butt, they displayed no signs of lunging at Eris.

 It was thanks to the mood that Aisha and Lilia created, but in the first place, with Rudeus gone there were a lot of things to talk about.

 Norn also had an unsympathetic attitude but she soon joined the conversation and didn't show any antagonism.

 Both understood that Rudeus planned to accept her and intended to respect that.

 As Eris started speaking, her love and respect for Rudeus was such that, even with a bitter smile the mood was still pleasant.

 Having someone they loved to be praised and admired, anyone would be happy.

 However, it was only calm at the beginning.

 When Eris asked, [And so, where's Rudeus?] the atmosphere changed.

 He went to kill Orsted.

 Hearing their response, Eris blamed them, [Why did you let him go alone? Do you want to kill him?]

 If you're both living with Rudeus, then you should have gone and fought with him.

 Towards the adamant Eris, Sylphy replied while crying, [We wanted to but he told us not to follow since we would just be a burden.]

 While Eris was shocked at her tears, thinking deeply she remembered how she trained in order not to be a burden.

 And so, with no one helping Rudeus while she was gone, having a letter written to her, towards the women in front of her she felt, together with a small amount of jealousy, a feeling of superiority.

 Part 2

 And so Eris is here.

 Hurrying to her destination, almost passing by, then turning back after seeing a huge explosion. Hearing the sounds of a battle she searched, and

 searched, and continued to search in a frenzy.

 After finding Rudeus on the verge of death she jumped.

 Right in front of Orsted.

 Eris confronted Orsted, raising one of the Sword God's seven swords [Phoenix Elegant Dragon Sword] above her head.

 "Ghyslaine, I'll leave the rear to you!"

 Orsted wasn't in a fighting stance.

 He only looked at Eris with a dubious face.

 No, he was looking at what was behind her.

 Reflected in his eyes were two females who were rushing towards the collapsed Rudeus.

 Eris carefully observed Orsted while looking at his eyes.

 The upper half of his body was laid bare, with blood everywhere.

 Blood was flowing down his head, and his entire body was listless.

 The tips of his hair were burned, and there were bruises around his shoulders.

 The damage had piled up.

 He was still holding a curved sword in his right hand.

 She had never seen such a sword before. She didn’t think she had discernment for swords, but she understood that it fit him.

 Even compared to the Sword God's cherished sword, it was hiding a dreadful energy.

 During their past meeting, he didn't use such a sword.

 He didn't need to use it and won with just bare hands.

 For Rudeus to damage him this far, even forcing him to use that sword, an indescribable feeling permeated her.

 ("Like Rudeus I'll… but, I shouldn't hurry. First I need to buy some time…")

 Eris told herself.

 She couldn't defeat Orsted alone.

 She realized that the moment she confronted him.

 She naturally understood.

 In the past, she wouldn't have recognized it as beyond her.

 Simply looking up a tower a hundred times higher than her, crudely thinking it was just tall.

 Believing that it was climbable.

 But now she was different.

 She recognized the gap between Orsted and her.

 Even so Orsted was high, very high.

 At a height high enough to dazzle.

 So high to the point it's impossible for Eris to climb.

 "Eris Boreas Greyrat, huh? Is he that important to you? Someone who isn't Luke."

 "……Luke?"

 "The man fated to become your husband."

 "I don't know anything about that."

 Eris ignored Orsted's words.

 She didn't know anyone called Luke.

 The only one important to her is Rudeus.

 Rudeus, just that one person.

 She doesn't need anyone else.

 "It seems so."

 Orsted didn't take a fighting stance.

 He observed Rudeus who is being healed.

 His stance is full of openings.

 Eris understood.

 He was showing a lot of openings.

 On purpose.

 While doing so, he was waiting for Eris to move.

 "…"

 Eris was reminded of her last meeting with the Sword God.

 Part 3

 Sword God Gull Farion invited Eris to his room, lined up three swords and said,

 "Which do you want?"

 Eris tried them one by one.

 Before, she would have said the sword she received from the magic continent was enough. As her body grew, however, the sword no longer fit her body and she started wanting a longer sword.

 Moreover, that sword would probably not be effective against Orsted.

 [Relying on swords, you don't have enough pride as a swordsman], is something a master swordsman would probably say.

 However, Eris knew.

 Just having pride is worthless.

 "This one."

 What Eris chose was the most simple sword.

 A thin and slightly curved single-edged blade.

 A sword that didn't release any sinister feeling and just felt refreshing.

 "Phoenix Elegant Dragon Sword, huh?"

 This is definitely the sword that the skilled craftsman Dragon Emperor bestowed upon the first generation Sword God; Phoenix Elegant Dragon Sword.

 Able to push the Sword God's techniques to the limit. A sword for a Sword God.

 "That's a good choice."

 "Tell me the reason."

 "That sword is cursed. It doesn't seem special at first glance, but magical power has been tempered into the blade, and you can nullify your opponent's Touki [Fighting Spirit] defense."

 "The Dragon God's fighting spirit has a defense so strong it can't be nullified, but you can weaken it."

 Defense Nullification.

 That is the ability that Phoenix Elegant Dragon Sword possesses.

 “It didn’t fit me, but you can probably master it.”

 Of the seven swords, one is with the Sword God. The two Sword Emperors each have one. Finally, the Sword King Ghyslaine holds another. The remaining 2 swords will be given to master swordsmen when they grow a little more into adulthood.

 "Now then, to the main problem. First, your tactic against Orsted…"

 The Sword God's forewarning.

 "Don't ever move first."

 There was no need to ask why.

 Eris also knew the reason.

 "He has reached god-rank in the Water God style. His counterattack will surely kill you."

 What came to mind was her past self.

 She was blown away with one hit, an unpleasant memory.

 "That's the first phase."

 Part 4

 The Sword God style always takes the initiative.

 Do the reverse.

 The Sword God told her a simple strategy against Orsted.

 And so, Eris chose not to attack.

 The Water God style would definitely wait and show no aggression.

 The aggressive Sword God, and the defensive Water God.

 Their affinity is the worst.

 The Water God style's counterattack will not fail.

 As long as there is no difference in ability, the Water God style will win.

 Eris has experienced it with her body.

 By training with Water King Isolte.

 Therefore Eris chose not to attack first.

 For the girl labeled as the Mad Dog, who has always been aggressive, that was a bitter experience.

 "Nnn… You're not going to approach?"

 Just bracing herself and showing no signs of aggression, Orsted was puzzled at the scene.

 The Sword God style would definitely attack first, that was the basics of their technique.

 "I'm fine with waiting. I'll attack together with Rudeus."

 Eris quietly replied.

 "… That's surprising. Eris Boreas Greyrat will fight together with her companions. Is this also a part of your madness? Certainly, if Eris Boreas Greyrat held a little more judgement, if she were to study under a suitable master, I see… So this is what happens?"

 "I'm no longer a part of Boreas. It's just Eris Greyrat."

 "The Eris I know, is a different person, is she…"

 While speaking, Orsted slowly adjusted himself.

 Easing down his left hand, he slowly raised his right and pointed the tip of his sword at Eris.

 "Well then, let me start off."

 With both of them doing nothing, the fight has entered the second phase.

 Part 5

 Eris once again remembered her conversation with the Sword God.

 "Shaping his fist like a sword, he can release a Sword of Light. In order to deal with the Sword of Light, you've sparred with Nina several times right? He won't be faster than you using his wrists, aim at it and chop it off.

 However, left or right, which one will he release it from? If he readies both hands, which one will you gamble on? Will it come from above? or below? This is the second phase"

 The Sword God definitely said that.

 Eris grimaced.

 Orsted already drew his sword.

 He was no longer using his fist as a substitute.

 He'll be using a complete Sword of Light.

 Eris wonders if she can still cope with that.

 She assumes positively.

 Orsted isn't perfect.

 His breathing is slightly rough, and his body is full of wounds.

 Blood is flowing from his sword hand.

 Furthermore, Orsted has only readied his right hand.

 As planned, from below.

 Even though he's injured, he's just using one hand.

 (He's looking down on me…)

 Usually, Eris would be enraged by it, but strangely she's calm.

 She never thought a day would come when she'd think being underestimated is convenient.

 <Sword God style hidden technique; Sword of Light>

 At the same time Orsted moved his hand with frightening speed.

 <Sword God style hidden technique; Light Reversal>

 Eris swung her sword.

 In a single pattern that she repeated over a thousand times.

 A method to counter the sword of light.

 In a situation where you couldn't be the fastest, countering with a bisecting action.

 Orsted's severed hand and sword separated and whirled in midair.

 ("I did it!")

 Eris thought.

 However, in the next moment, Orsted performed a surprising action.

 With his left hand, he caught the severed limb and immediately reattached it.

 At the same time, he made use of his upper body and performed a roundhouse kick.

 Eris was able to evade this attack.

 She was told by the Sword God that it would probably turn out this way.

 "…u!"

 Retreating half a step backwards after evading, she was pursued by a handsword which she knocked away with her blade.

 They weren't used as a Sword of Light.

 As a result, Eris's slash couldn't injure Orsted.

 With a clang, the handsword was deflected and Orsted stood there uninjured.

 A bit later, Orsted's sword dropped with a woosh and pierced the ground behind him.

 Looking at Orsted, his hand that should have been severed has finished healing.

 Similarly, the damage Rudeus gave him has been completely healed.

 Healing Magic.

 In the course of that brief exchange, Orsted used healing magic.

 And in an instant, everything was healed.

 ("A monster…")

 Eris deemed silently.

 That slash she had used right now wasn't a sword of light, but it had considerable speed and power.

 And yet it was repelled.

 Besides the sword of light, there was nothing that could smash Orsted's, the Dragon God's, Holy Dragon Fighting Spirit.

 Even if the sword is the Phoenix Elegant Dragon Sword.

 "This fighting method, was it suggested by the Sword God? You're cherished, Eris Greyrat."

 Eris returned her sword to an overhead position.

 She sharpened her mind and calmed herself.

 The ensuing words were spoken loudly.

 "Did you train inside Gull Farion's bedroom? "

 Towards the three people behind her.

 No, he spoke loud enough for Rudeus to hear.

 In words that could be easily misunderstood.

 Usually, those were words Eris couldn't forgive.

 No matter what Eris says, she respected the Sword God.

 In the past few years, the one who trained Eris to the brink of death was Gull Farion.

 He entrusted his dream to her.

 Their relationship wasn't that of a man and a woman.

 But of a master and his student.

 A teacher and a student with a similar objective.

 But.

 But.

 That master also told her.

 [If the fight goes smoothly, sooner or later Orsted will probably start provoking you. Will you let him?]

 The Sword God expected provocations to occur.

 And so she wasn't disturbed.

 She will not get angry about anything.

 Right now, Orsted was inside Sword God Gull Farion's palm.

 "Hnnn"

 "… Oh. You've truly grown strong, haven't you?"

 Orsted murmured lonesomely.

 He adjusted the shape of both his hands into swords.

 Seeing that, Eris remembered the final words of the Sword God.

 [That person, for some reason won't fight seriously.

 Even though he knows sword techniques and magic, he'll limit himself to just fighting spirit and barehanded techniques whenever possible. Especially when he knows his opponents skills. Fighting spirit and barehanded techniques, if these aren't enough he'll use magic.

 He'll try to win as efficiently as possible, but in unfamiliar situations…

 Seeing a technique for the first time, he will try to study it. That is probably his weak point.]

 Eris visualized the first time Orsted and Rudeus fought.

 As if tormenting a weak mouse. The childish actions of Orsted.

 He didn't finish him off, and just toyed with him.

 [Gri]

 While Eris grinded her teeth, she removed her left hand from the Phoenix Elegant Dragon sword. Her aim is the beloved and inscription-less sword she received from a town in the Magic continent, placed on the left side of her waist.

 The Phoenix Elegant Dragon sword raised overhead with just her right hand; the inscription-less sword still stored in its scabbard.

 An irregular two sword style.

 But the Sword God style didn't have any dual wielding techniques.

 Only the North God style had a dual wielding pattern.

 Still not enough.

 It's still not enough. No matter how strongly the Phoenix Elegant Dragon sword is cursed.

 She couldn't release a sword of light with just one hand.

 Even with Sword Draw techniques, she can't perform an IAIGIRI with a reverse grip.

 A futile posture.

 A futile action.

 This isn't a posture a Sword King who mastered the Sword God style should have taken.

 "Mu…"

 And that's exactly why Orsted's movement stopped.

 With his handswords at the ready, he observed Eris.

 His eyes no longer reflected Rudeus who was receiving healing magic.

 He was only looking at Eris.

 However, he won't just let time pass by.

 If Eris doesn't start doing anything, Orsted will start attacking.

 For such a situation, with the intent to deceive, Eris practiced a single technique.

 The North God style's technique which she learned from the North Emperor, Auber.

 A technique which she only witnessed once.

 Eris trained to draw a sword from the scabbard with one hand as fast as possible.

 It was incomplete but, it was a technique that can be relied upon to steal a person's life.

 (A cornered North God Style practitioner will throw his sword.)

 Though it was rough, Eris moved her left hand in a direct path.

 Hooking her finger to the sword guard, she unsheathed it, and threw it while aiming at Orsted.

 The sword that spent a long time and experienced countless trials with Eris, with its tip pointing at Orsted, soared towards him.

 Eris's left hand, without slowing its throwing momentum, continued to the sword she held in a overhead position.

 As fast as she could, she moved her left hand towards Phoenix Elegant Dragon sword.

 Upon reaching it, the sword was held with two hands and she instantly released a sword of light.

 "!"

 The sword of light that was released using the force of her whole body, overtook the nameless sword she threw away in mid-air.

 And then, travelling the shortest distance at the fastest speed possible, it should have drilled into Orsted's forehead.

 A clinking sound could be heard.

 "…tch"

 Having released a longsword of light, Eris clicked her tongue without re-positioning herself.

 Orsted deflected her sword.

 The sword she had thrown seriously.

 Even though the nameless sword hit Orsted's body, his holy dragon fighting spirit repelled it, and sent it rebounding far behind Eris's back.

 "Better than expected. But, is this all you have?"

 "No."

 Before the nameless sword could fall down,

 Before Eris could look behind her,

 Rudeus was already standing.

 He has already finished healing.

 "We're just starting!"

 Eris turned around, his figure reflected in her eyes.

 Rudeus.

 Rudeus is there.

 His lower eyelids have turned completely black.

 His bright brown hair looked white.

 With legs that trembled,

 a pale face, violet lips,

 and looking like he could die at any moment, he stood up while being supported by Sylphy and Roxy.

 "……………"

 "What do you mean, just starting?"

 Even as a compliment, Rudeus was in no state to fight.

 His magic power has been depleted, his strength already left him, even his willpower was gone.

 He was ragged all over his body.

 "I meant exactly what I said."

 Seeing that, Eris made her resolve.

 Part 6

 "Take Rudeus and escape!"

 Eris called out.

 "I'll stop Orsted even if it costs me my life!"

 That resolve was comprehended by Sylphy.

 She already witnessed something similar.

 Once before, Ariel's travelling companion had the same resolve.

 A resolve with no regard for one's own life.

 "I… I'll help!"

 Sylphy shouted.

 Her legs were trembling.

 Ever since the first time she laid her eyes on Orsted.

 In front of an existence that can be called a symbol of terror.

 She was prepared to die.

 For the sake of protecting Rudeus, deciding wasn't hard at all.

 Even more scary than Orsted, was the regret of no longer being able to see the one she loved.

 [Do you want to kill Rudeus?] Eris's words from the time in Sharia still lingered in her ears.

 She didn't have that intent.

 Even though Rudeus was worrying, it was the same as always. She thought it was fine.

 Rudeus will return as always. He had power that was beyond imagination.

 Even his magic armor held an amazing power.

 She didn't think an opponent that could win against that would exist.

 That she was mistaken was something Sylphy never even thought about.

 "……!"

 Eris looked at Sylphy, saw the resolve in her eyes, and then nodded.

 "… then, I'll be relying on you to guard my back! Ghyslaine! Escort Rudeus and Roxy away from here!"

 "Eris! Protecting you is my duty!"

 The one who refused those words, was the Sword King of the Beast Race.

 She had seen Eris's struggle.

 She had seen Eris's effort.

 That's why she didn't say or do anything and just watched.

 For Eris's grandfather who had died…

 She believed it was her duty, and payment for the debt of honor she owed Sauros.

 "Are you listening?! I'm telling you to protect the most important person to me!"

 "… I won't! If you die, I won't be able to face Master Sauros and Master Philip!"

 She couldn't permit her dying an untimely death.

 She will not let her die needlessly.

 … Ghyslaine hasn't thought that far yet. In any case, she replied reflexively.

 "… right now, we should run!"

 Roxy understood that fighting with a pregnant body is too much for her.

 Even though she followed this far, she knew she would just be a hindrance when it came to a fight.

 And so, she sought to drag Rudeus outside the forest where horses waited and then run away at full speed.

 Even if she had a miscarriage, as long as Rudeus escaped.

 She didn't think of what would happen after. Right now, she believed running away was the priority.

 Seeing Eris's and Ghyslaine's argument.

 Seeing Sylphy's and Roxy's determination.

 "…………… fuu"

 Orsted breathed out a protracted sigh.

 Towards that sigh, everyone except Rudeus reacted.

 Orsted didn't ignore what he saw.

 In a loud voice, he spoke.

 "Rudeus Greyrat!"

 Rudeus's body trembled with a start.

 "As long as you're allied to the Human God, I will not let you escape! Even if I have to kill everyone here! Even if I have to murder each and every person inside the city! I will hunt you down and kill you!

 Rudeus's trembling became even more severe.

 With his legs trembling, he pointed his gaze at his feet.

 "I don't believe in anything the Human God would say but… if what the Human God told you is true, then after killing you, I will kidnap your children!"

 With those words, Rudeus's body stopped trembling.

 His eyes burned with renewed vigor.

 He slapped his left hand onto his trembling leg and reached for Roxy's staff with his right hand as if to steal it.

 Without realizing it, his hands failed him, and he began to lose his balance.

 While a panicked Roxy supported him, he glared at Orsted.

 With bloodthirsty eyes.

 "However, with your armor that imitates the Fighting God, and with magical power that's comparable to Laplace, along with a constitution that is immune to my curse, you are somebody who is useful!"

 "…?"

 At Orsted's words, Rudeus's bloodlust decreased.

 Towards a puzzled Rudeus, Orsted continued.

 "Betray the Human God, and join me!"

 Two people immediately responded to his words.

 "That's just dumb!"

 "Rudi, don't!"

 Eris and Sylphy were convinced he was telling a lie.

 They didn't have a basis.

 But they were still confident.

 Ghyslaine and Roxy remained silent, however they started to search for any hidden intent in Orsted's words.

 "If you do, I'll forget about this ambush of yours, and I'll heal your injured arm!"

 "………"

 However, Rudeus was different.

 He realized there was something in Orsted's voice.

 He realized that his inner throat trembled.

 "If you have my… the Dragon God's divine protection, the Human God shouldn't be able to easily lay his hands on you."

 Inside Rudeus's eyes were, doubt and hesitation.

 "Right now, even this conversation, will not reach him!"

 "………"

 "If you unwillingly followed the Human God, this shouldn't be a bad deal for you!"

 "………"

 "Choose! Rudeus Greyrat! Side with the Human God, and lose everything to me! or follow me, and fight the Human God together! If it's you, since it's you who is immune to my curse, then you should be able to choose with your own will!"

 Rudeus and Orsted stared at each other.

 Rudeus slowly exhaled.

 As if trying to confirm something, he stared at the other's face.

 Trying to find the truth under his facial expression.

 Of course, there's no reason Rudeus could see such a thing, and several seconds passed.

 "Rudi?"

 While stumbling, Rudeus let go of Roxy's hand.

 Looking like he could fall over any moment, he walked slowly and clung to Ghyslaine's shoulder, staggering towards Sylphy he clung to her, finally

 arriving on Eris's side.

 He dropped down in front of Orsted.

 While on both knees, he raised his face towards him.

 "Is it true, a method to protect my family from the Human God, exists……?"

 "There is! His ability to see the future is powerful but, there is no reason that he should be able to see everything. His ability shouldn't be omniscient or omnipotent."

 "And that method… is absolutely, absolutely, effective?"

 "……… it's not absolute. Even I, don't have a complete understanding of his power."

 Orsted couldn't give a guarantee.

 He didn't say it would be safe or it would be alright.

 Rudeus, with eyes similar to someone wanting to be saved looked at Orsted on the verge of tears, what was he thinking about?

 Rudeus made his decision.

 "… I, put my life in your hands. Please help me."

 On that day.

 Rudeus Greyrat became the Dragon God's subordinate.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
