Volume 16  10 — Eris Greyrat - First Part

Volume 16 Chapter 10 - Eris Greyrat - First Part

 

 Part 1

 After waking up in the morning, I run and train with Norn.

 When I return home, I give Sylphy, who is busy taking care of Lucy, a tight hug.

 I drop by the living room to greet Aisha and Lilia good morning.

 I help the still sleepy Roxy braid her hair.

 I call Zenith, in the midst of a staring contest with Beet, in to eat.

 All of the family eats breakfast together.

 As if nothing actually happened, life returns to normal.

 But the truth is, something did happen.

 I did indeed have a duel to the death with Orsted.

 I got my ass whupped… yet I'm alive.

 The proof of that is -- I look at my hands.

 If I curl them up into a fist, I can feel my fingertips in both hands.

 After that.

 After I prostrated myself before Orsted and swore loyalty to him…

 As promised, Orsted cast healing magic on me.

 Both of my hands grew back, and I finally regained all my limbs.

 After casting another magic on me, he handed me a bracelet he was wearing.

 Then, he said, [After your magic has replenished, contact me again] and left.

 I'm wearing that bracelet right now on my left hand.

 I don't know what effect this bracelet has.

 Maybe it helps to replenish magic power?

 Or perhaps it helps to prevent Hitogami from spying on me?

 It's been 10 days since then, but Hitogami has yet to reappear in my dreams.

 Orsted said that under the protection of the Dragon God, Hitogami's interference could be prevented, so maybe the latter.

 Then again, it could be meaningless, just a symbol of being a subordinate of the Dragon God or something like that.

 Regardless, I lost to Orsted and joined his camp.

 I betrayed Hitogami and joined the other side.

 I won't take off this bracelet.

 I don't regret betraying Hitogami.

 Honestly, I feel great.

 Rather than [What have I done?], I feel more like [I did it!]

 There's no going back.

 In the future, no matter how annoying Orsted is, I can't betray him.

 We're on the same boat.

 Even if this was within Hitogami's expectations, what's done is done.

 Still, in my personal opinion, Orsted seems to be more trustworthy than Hitogami.

 Somehow, he somewhat reminds me of Ruijerd.

 He doesn't have Ruijerd's high pride, neither does he seem to care for children like Ruijerd.

 Still, compared to the Hitogami that just stares down from above doing nothing, he feels more like someone who puts his all into what he does.

 In any case, a load was taken off of my shoulders.

 The pressure in my chest has been relieved.

 Maybe it really hasn't been relieved, but it feels like having climbed a mountain and seeing beyond.

 Afterwards.

 I talked with Sylphy and Roxy, who were at the place.

 Sylphy cried, and Roxy reprimanded me.

 They regretted not knowing how dangerous an opponent I was facing and felt anxious that I became Orsted's subordinate.

 I told them it couldn't be helped, that there was no other way, and they consented for the time being.

 I returned to Sharia.

 After safely returning to my family, I reported to those that helped how I lost to Orsted and joined his camp.

 By the way, Perugius looked the most relieved out of everyone.

 Well, I guess nobody really wants to make an enemy out of someone like Orsted.

 Everyone I met on the way seemed startled.

 When I asked what happened, it looks like my hair has turned white.

 I don't really get it, but maybe it's a similar phenomenon to what happened to Sylphy.

 If my hair keeps growing with its original brown color, maybe it's a transient thing.

 Even if it's permanent, since Sylphy and I match now, I don't really mind…

 It's been ten days since I returned to my original lifestyle.

 Though I'm vigilant of Hitogami's next move, for now, he's done nothing.

 My body condition has gotten better.

 I think that my dried up magic has been replenished.

 Speaking of which, it seems that Orsted knows some secret about my body's magic power.

 Laplace Factor or something like that…

 Well, if there's a need, I'll ask Orsted to tell me.

 For now, I'll wait.

 By the way, speaking of good things,

 There was one change to my comfortable everyday life.

 Part 2

 "Another bowl!"

 "Eris-sama, we're out of soup already."

 "Eh, it wasn't enough!"

 There's a new addition to the dining table, a tall woman with red hair. That tall woman is Eris.

 As a matter of course she came home; as a matter of course she took the guest room; and as a matter of course she began to live here.

 By the way, Ghyslaine booked a room at a nearby inn instead. Maybe she was shocked at how Eris was acting, or maybe she's trying to be considerate for us.

 In any case, Eris stayed.

 She would go out sometimes, but basically, she's always home. She'll watch Sylphy make the meals, or watch Roxy prepare for classes, or watch Aisha and Lilia take care of the house, or spy on Lucy and Sylphy when they're together.

 In any case, when she's not doing anything, she would just watch. Especially when Sylphy or Roxy are busy with one thing or another, she would look with a troubled expression and へ.

 Eris has changed since when we last met. What I mean is, she's prettier now. She's tall for a girl, her body is well-proportioned, and appropriately dressed with a leather jacket like Ghyslaine's, and a light black undershirt and trousers that are easy to move in.

 Anyone can see, at a glance, the muscles chiseled on her well toned body. They're not at all budging, but layered tightly. It's hard to look away.

 Particular to note are her chest, thigh, and waist. Explosive, tight, explosive. The childish face from five years ago has disappeared, and what's left is a cool beauty.

 No longer a girl, Eris has now transformed into a mature female.

 For some reason or another, I could never find a chance to talk to her. While rushing back and forth to report about my battle, I lost all opportunity. Even with an excuse, for whatever reason, just seeing her from behind makes my heart race.

 On more than one occasion, I tried to make conversation with her, but my timings were always off… As soon as I try to come up with a topic for conversation, her piercing stare would make my chest pound. By the time I recovered, she would have already looked away. For awhile after, I couldn't stay calm, and only with time would my heartbeat return to normal.

 Is this… fear? Nah, a joke, it's a joke.

 This must be, yes, a crush. Looks like I fell for Eris. Once again I have fallen for her. Maybe I'm that simple, but at death's door, to suddenly see her valiantly arrive to my rescue, push back Orsted, and even bet her own life to protect me, with her outline still carved vividly in my memory, it would be odd if I didn't fall for her.

 Right now, I'm but a maiden in love, Maiden Rudi, who has transformed into an angelic high school sophomore.

 Yet.

 I heard this from Sylphy after coming home. In the past few years, Eris has been single-mindedly training at the Holy Land of the Swords for the sole purpose of fighting Orsted by my side. The cause was the fight with Orsted at Red Dragon Lower Jaw. Seeing me practicing [Magic Disturb] afterwards, she mistakenly assumed that I intended to challenge Orsted. Although I never felt a tremendous difference in strength between us back then, Eris thought otherwise and decided to leave and train.

 From Eris's perspective then, it was I that betrayed her. Almost like she left overseas to train, only to return to find her lover with another woman.

 Unfaithful, cheater.

 How our opinions differ on this point, we have already talked about it, so she should understand.

 Still, her heart must be in turmoil. With a temperament like Eris, even coming at me with a knife isn't exactly out of question.

 If I just tell her, [I have fallen for you again, please be my wife], it doesn't feel exactly right.

 Besides, I really am scared of what Eris would do. I don't get what she's thinking at all. Like, what's she keeping to herself? The Eris I used to know would just inconsiderately say whatever she wants.

 [Rudeus! I love you! Let's get married! Come to my bed tonight! Don't even think about getting any sleep! Rudeus belongs only to me!]

 Things like that.

 Yet, she said nothing. Not even talking to herself. Just silence.

 Unless…

 Several days ago, she put her life on the line to save me from Orsted. Up till then, she had placed me upon a pedestal. For five years, she trusted that I have been just like her, working constantly to become stronger. Yet I didn't. Even though I was working hard in my own way, but not like her. I got my ass whupped by Orsted. Eris must have seen how pitiful I looked back then. Not only that, but I already have two wives. The Eris, who had already reached Sword-King at the Holy Land of the Sword, must have fell disillusioned by what I became.

 She said nothing. So maybe, she's just getting ready to leave in a couple days and is just trying to figure out how to break up with me.

 With those thoughts in mind, I'm even more scared of talking to her, scared of getting dumped. To hear from the cool Eris, [You're nothing now!] I'll feel hurt.

 If that happens, it would only be right, but I would be dejected. Well, if that's the case, please just go ahead and say it already… Ugh, sigh.

 Anyways, we should really talk this out. Have a good heart-to-heart, and then consider the future. Having said that, the timing is off, and I'm getting nowhere.

 I say nothing, and Eris also says nothing. Each day just drags on and on. If possible, I want to settle this before Orsted contacts me again. But I don't know what to do. Do I just keep dragging on and live with Eris like this?

 With those thoughts in mind, Roxy suddenly asked.

 "So, when's the wedding reception with Eris?"

 She said.

 "Wedding reception?"

 "Yeah, I had one too, so shouldn't she get one too? I need to ask for a day off that day, so if you can tell me when…"

 I fell silent listening to Roxy. Roxy furrows her brows watching me.

 "Don't tell me, you haven't said anything yet."

 I can feel my embarrassment. Everyone in the family has already talked about it, and they're all set to welcome her in.

 Aisha of course, even Norn has begun to treat Eris as part of the family. Not just that, Norn and Eris always chat with excitement over stuff about Ruijerd. Unexpectedly, those two got along really well.

 Nobody had any objection, only I have yet to pull the trigger.

 "Rudi, you can't keep running away. Eris has been waiting for you."

 Roxy points with a finger, putting up the air of an older sister.

 "Waiting?"

 "That's right. She has been waiting for Rudi to say, [Leap into my open arms!] the whole time!"

 Roxy spreads her arms as she said, how cute!

 "Eris would never say something like that… Rather, isn't that what Roxy wants?"

 "Hey! I'm being serious here. Quit joking around!"

 Roxy puts up a serious face while keeping her arms spread.

 … What a joke, is that really the case? Eris has been waiting to hear those words from me. Is she really someone like that?

 No, Roxy would never lie. This is a true revelation, a sign from God!

 If even Roxy is giving me a push, then I really can't hesitate anymore.

 Courage, come to me, I must go. I'll properly say it, we'll talk, and if she rejects me, I can find comfort in Roxy's and Sylphy's bosoms.

 Okay.

 But before that. Abruptly, I spread my arms to test.

 "Roxy, leap into my open arms!"

 "I said quit joking around already…"

 Roxy stops herself and looks into my eyes, then looks around, checking to make sure no one's around.

 Then, she wraps her raised arms around my shoulders. A simple leap, right into my embrace.

 Her slightly prominent tummy pressed up against me.

 "You should be more careful leaping around like that with a child inside you, princess!"

 "If I don't give him some exercise, he'll be born weak, so it's fine."

 Roxy murmuring by my ears is quite stimulating.

 Is that how it works?

 …Is that how it works?

 Of course, that's how it works.

 I feel like staying intimate for a little longer. So I sat Roxy on my thighs and myself on a chair. Meanwhile, I suddenly spy…

 "…Eh?"

 Someone in a maid outfit is spying at us from the shadows outside the door with her eyes sparkling and a penetrating stare.

 -- It's Eris.

 "Yah!"

 "W-what's wrong, Rudi?"

 Seeing me tightly embracing with Roxy, Eris looks away unhappily and disappears into the hallway darkness.

 Terrifying. Nothing was said, but it was still so terrifying.

 Eh, tomorrow, we'll talk tomorrow.

 Part 3

 Next day, I look around for Eris so we can talk.

 Soon, I found her at the yard practicing sword swings, but for some reason, she was together with Norn (not going to school today?)

 To Norn, Eris says, [No, not like that, like this] teaching her how to swing a sword.

 "I said like this! Why don't you understand?"

 "Even if you say so, I don't know what's wrong with it."

 "How should I say…"

 Eris is the instinctive type, so teaching Norn must be hard for her. These genius instinctive-types won't know how they do things. In spite of my assumptions…

 "Your left hand lacks power, so you only swing with your right. Your blade's edge is tilted."

 Eh? Am I imagining this?

 "Be more conscious of your left hand …… try with the intention of swinging it only with your left hand in mind. If you do that, it will make your swing more beautiful."

 Could it be that it was Eris who said that?

 Not Ghyslaine who dubbed over a lip-sync'd Eris?

 "So that's why. Makes sense."

 "As long as it makes sense."

 After that conversation, those two restart practice merrily. Feels like Norn's swings got a little better.

 Well, no matter what, Eris is also a Sword-King. Ghyslaine once said that one cannot become Sword-King on instincts alone. Eris must be the same. In the process of becoming Sword-King, she learned the logic of it.

 Still, Eris's swings are fast. From the shaft of the sword onward, I can't even see a blur. Beautiful too, her wavering figure is mesmerizing. Looking alone makes one's breath hoarse - watching sweat drop from that imposing profile, that firm body with those muscles flexing…

 Ah! Found something incredible! Every time Eris makes a swing, her chest would bounce with vigor, yet not violent, but with a subtle shake nevertheless.

 Probably because her style has no margins, her upper half is almost entirely unmoving, leaving only light vibrations. Speaking of which, the sleeveless shirt she's wearing looks almost like a gym wear. Don't tell me she's not wearing any chest armor? Every swing imposes itself in my eyes. Those are some iron grips…!

 "…?"

 Suddenly Eris's chest… I mean her swings, stopped. I look back up to her face wondering what's wrong, but she's already looking back at me.

 Her mouth is in a へ shape, her feet are shoulder-width apart, and her chin is slightly raised. Ah, if she crosses her arms, it would be just how I remember it.

 While those thoughts crossed my mind, I suddenly noticed that in her hand. The sword she once battled Orsted with, it looks really sharp.

 So I backed up and walked away. Talking over difficult stuff with her holding something so dangerous… Seriously?

 … Two hours later.

 With the training period over, I tried to find Eris once again. She has left the yard. Where did she go? Maybe she changed and left the house? Maybe I should wait for her. No, no reason that we have to be home to talk. If she leaves, then I need to go after her. With that in mind, I head to the restroom and swing the door open wide.

 "Ah"

 "…!"

 It's Eris, a perfectly proportioned beauty, standing in shock before my eyes. Her wavy, red hair drapes over her shoulders, wet, like a river flowing towards her chest.

 Her shirt is soaked in sweat, and through it, I can see a ravine, and from that deep ravine, two mountains peaks. The deeper the ravine, the greater the heights, and there rests two majestic mountains.

 Sweat contours her shirt tightly around those mountains, and at their peaks arise prominent protrusions. In other words, those are what dreams are made of.

 "W-wwwhat are you doing…"

 Eris looks completely lost for words. Red-faced and adorably cute. Unconsciously, I held out a hand and touched those meaty mounts. In particular, I pressed against that slightly harder portion. Ah, but it's soft.

 --In the next moment, a flash came from Eris's shoulder, and I lost consciousness.

 Part 4

 Coming to my senses, the back of my head was wrapped by something firm yet soft.

 Harder than my usual pillows, but warmer and full of bounce along with a gentle rustle over my head.

 Ah, a lap pillow.

 I see, I'm still in bed.

 "Mmm, I can't eat anymore."

 Pretending that I'm still asleep, I turn around and bury myself in the Bermuda Triangle between those thighs.

 I take a deep breath of that crevasse, and at the same time, rub that behind.

 "Yah?"

 Eh?

 The shape of these buttocks… not Sylphy's.

 Sylphy's are small and slender, with so little fat that you can't grip them in your hand.

 That smell isn't Roxy's either.

 A whiff of Roxy would calm me, yet this smells a bit of sweat.

 Alarms ring danger from the back of my head as soon as the smell reached.

 It's not bad at all, actually rather nostalgic.

 Slowly, I turned around and open my eyes toward the owner of these lap pillows.

 Two mountains tower above, and above that, a pair of sharp eyes glare.

 Eris.

 Eris grabs my cranium.

 It's going to break--

 Sylphy, Roxy.

 Please forgive me, for this is goodbye.

 Yet, suddenly, my head was rubbed by a strong but gentle hand.

 I curl up into a ball looking at Eris.

 She's pouting, her face red, but she isn't angry.

 "Excuse me, Eris… sama?"

 "Just Eris."

 "Eris… Em, I'm sorry."

 For that apology, my head was grasped forcefully.

 Ahh, please forgive me, for this is goodbye.

 "…To be honest… I was also in the wrong."

 "Oh, well… yeah."

 "The letter, I read it. Rudeus must have had it hard too."

 With my brain firmly locked in place, I nod lightly at Eris.

 I'm not mature enough to say that Eris did nothing wrong.

 Back then, we misunderstood each other.

 I was hurt, and now Eris is hurting.

 "Hey, Rudeus."

 "What is it?"

 "…"

 Her mouth shut. Eris looks uncertain about what she should say.

 Things that must be said, but are so difficult to put into words.

 For me, for Eris, these five years have been too long.

 "Rudeus, those two, do you love them?"

 "Yes, I love them."

 With those words, Eris's grip grows stronger.

 "Even more than me?"

 "…Yes."

 Hearing that from me, sorrow overwhelms her features.

 It's over; I should have picked my words more carefully.

 They can't be compared.

 I like Eris. I have fallen for her all over again.

 "Do you… hate me?"

 "Of course not, it's just… we've been separated for too long. So maybe, I don't know how I can face you."

 "Even now, I still like Rudeus. I want Rudeus to love me."

 Eris, red faced, was that a…?

 No, of course that was a confession.

 How should I respond?

 The answer has already been decided. But before that, I should make sure.

 "But, I already… have two wives."

 "…"

 With a face of fury, Eris stands up suddenly.

 From the lap pillow, I fell over onto the floor.

 Looks like I'm in the living room, but there's not a person in sight.

 Even though Norn and Aisha should both be home, they're nowhere to be seen.

 Those clever girls must want to give us two some personal space.

 Towering over me, Eris crosses her arms, staring me down. Her feet are shoulder-wide, and her chin is raised in the exact posture when we first met.

 "Rudeus, outside, duel!"

 "Eh! Duel?"

 Nervously, as I stand back up and dust myself, I asked.

 "That's right! Duel; you win, I leave! So, if I win…"

 Eris points at me and declares:

 "If I win, you have to love me too!"

 Feeling something wonderful, I could only nod.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
