Volume 17  2 — Explanation

Volume 17 Chapter 2 - Explanation

 

 Part 1

 Let us reorganize a bit.

 First, Orsted.

 He is from the ancient dragon-tribe, who came from an immemorial past to the present by using the method of reincarnation.

 His body was harboring a curse and an ancient technique.

 The curse was to be shunned by all living creatures in this world.

 The ancient technique caused magic to recover at a slow rate, but in return it is possible to escape from Human God's sight as well as obtaining the ability to roughly see the future.

 Why was such a curse brought to the present.

 Because it was caused by the death of the first generation Dragon God at the hands of Human God.

 Starting from the second generation, the reason for existence for all subsequent Dragon Gods is to defeat Human God, which was also the ancient dragon-tribe's dearest wish.

 Thus the son of the first generation Dragon God, Orsted, was trying to defeat Human God.

 "Is every thing until now correct?"

 "Ah, exactly. It is a great help that you quickly understand it."

 "Exactly how many years ago were you reincarnated?"

 "Let's see…about 2000 years ago."

 2000 years…he seems to have lived for quite a long time.

 Although everything seemed to be consistent, somehow there is a feeling of something being out of place.

 Hm, I wonder what it is.

 Like the point about magic recovery.

 Orsted seemed to be using something similar to Perugius, that summoning magic that absorbs magic.

 If he absorbs magic with it, would that not solve the magic problem…no, if he could, he would have done so already.

 It may not be possible to stock up on the absorbed magic in his body with that summoning magic.

 Hm.

 Then the abnormal hostility Orsted holds towards Human God?

 Although having killed his father was reason enough, there was still the feeling that the hostility was too great.

 Orsted's attachment for his father also seemed weak.

 "From my view point, you seem to hold a great grudge towards Human God, what is the reason?"

 "Is there someone who does not hold a grudge against that piece of trash?"

 "…That's true."

 Ah well, Orsted seems to have lived for a long time, surely there must have been bad blood between them.

 Although he cannot be seen, messages can still be delivered.

 Ah, although Orsted became like this, it may not be related to the discord between the first generation Dragon God and Human God.

 There are still many things I didn't know, but the person Orsted is probably like that.

 Regardless of the specifics, he had a reason to fight against Human God.

 The enemy's enemy is an ally.

 Also, there are still many things to be heard about other matters.

 Part 2

 Regarding the Laplace Factor

 "In our previous battle there was some talk about me possessing the Laplace Factor, what does it mean?"

 "How much do you know about Laplace?"

 "The one who was responsible for the war 400 years ago and who pushed the human race into the corner. Also that he had a tremendous amount of magic and was unable to use Fighting Spirit. He was also extremely strong, but was ultimately sealed by Perugius-sama and two others. …And that he caused the downfall of the Supard-tribe.

 I have heard various other things, but these were the main points I guess.

 "So about that much?"

 "Also that he will soon revive."

 "Have you heard that the method he uses to revive is the method of reincarnation by the dragon-tribe?"

 "Ehm. No, I do not think I have heard this…ah no, it feels like Human God mentioned something like that…or was it something different."

 The memory is somewhat murky.

 But still, the method of reincarnation again.

 "You…no… later I will hear the details about what you and Human God talked about and what he revealed."

 "Yes."

 "But now it is about Laplace."

 Eris's atmosphere became tense when talk about Laplace arrived.

 Both Eris and I are Ruijerd's friends.

 Laplace was Ruijerd's enemy.

 His enemy was also our enemy.

 Thus I could understand the tenseness regarding the existence of Laplace.

 But I will calmly approach this.

 It's Eris's role to get angry, mine is to remain calm.

 "[Demon God Laplace]'s identity is… the shadow of what was once [Demon Dragon King Laplace]."

 Orsted revealed this without being pretentious.

 "Demon Dragon King?"

 "Yes, in the past he was part of the dragon-tribe."

 Laplace was the Demon Dragon King.

 Part of the dragon-tribe.

 But he's the Demon God?

 "The Demon Dragon King Laplace is the only one left of the first generation 5 Dragon Warriors."

 5 Dragon Warriors.

 If I remember right, they were the five subordinates of the Dragon God, who in the end all rebelled against him.

 "That guy escaped the collapsing Dragon World and drifted to this world, to carry out a certain mission. He became the second generation Dragon God."

 From Dragon King to Dragon God to Demon God.

 Wait a minute, it's all confusing.

 It feels like my head is splitting.

 "He researched about methods and techniques to overthrow Human God. He taught to those who called themselves Dragon God techniques he had developed over a long time. All for the sake of passing down the power to me who came to the future, me who possessed the greatest strength among the dragon-tribe."

 Calling yourself the strongest.

 "However, Laplace started the Human-Demon race world war and fought against Fighting God, who was Human God's apostle, and had his soul split into two halves."

 It felt like I have heard this story somewhere.

 The story about how the Golden Knight Aldebran fought against the Great Demon Empress.

 According to Kishirika, there was a story about how Dragon God and Fighting God fought against each other.

 So the Dragon God was Laplace and the Fighting God was Aldebran.

 So Laplace was fighting on the demon side.

 "Laplace, who was split in two, lost his memory and became two, the human-hating [Demon God] and [Technique God], whose aim was to overthrow god."

 That was how the Demon God came forth.

 And also Technique God.

 Though the Technique God was indeed ranked first among the Seven Great Major Powers…

 "Eh? That means Technique God was also Laplace?"

 "Indeed."

 Somehow I felt I just heard an unbelievable story.

 I wonder if it was good for me to have heard this story.

 There was too much information, it became confusing.

 Orsted was the son of the first generation Dragon God, and Laplace was the second generation.

 Ah.

 In other words it's like this.

 First, the first generation Dragon God sent Orsted to the future in order to overthrow Human God.

 Laplace was one of the Five Dragon Warriors and fought against the first generation Dragon God, and perhaps realized that Human God manipulated him, then became his subordinate again.

 The first generation Dragon God died, while Laplace survived.

 To teach Orsted techniques, Laplace traveled around the world to study them while also teaching them to previous Dragon Gods.

 Human God used Fighting God to interfere.

 Laplace was unluckily…split into two and lost his memory, though I didn't know whether that was on purpose to survive.

 Something like this?

 There is no confidence whether it is correct.

 I wonder if my head was always that bad…

 "Hmpf…!"

 While looking to the side at Eris, her mouth made a 'へ' and made a frustrated face.

 She didn't seem to understand anything.

 Great, there was some comfort.

 Orsted's explanation continued.

 "[Demon God] Laplace lost the power of dragons. He only remembered the enormous amount of magic knowledge and that he must definitely kill 'human'. For that purpose, he rallied the demon race to exterminate the 'human race'.

 [Technique God] Laplace who lost the power of magic. He only remembered the enormous amount of techniques and that he must definitely teach and pass them down to someone. Thus Technique God created the Seven Great Major Powers ranking and devoted himself in studying those techniques."

 The Technique God created the Seven Great Major Powers ranking.

 I felt I have heard this before.

 After all he is ranked first.

 Ah, but the Human-Demon race world war was 2000 years ago.

 "…How did Orsted-sama know about these facts? If you came 2000 years ago, the Human-Demon race world war should have already ended. By then Laplace has already lost his memory…If so, there should be no one who should know this?"

 "I have read about Laplace in the ruins of the ancient dragon-tribe."

 "Ah, I understand."

 So before he lost his memory, he had already left a record of them.

 Quite ironic that Laplace, who lost his memory, could not find those.

 "Now, let's trace the conversation back a bit. About why you possess magic."

 "Yes."

 "The first generation Dragon God invented the method of reincarnation. Sending oneself's soul into the future, taking over another being's body and ultimately reviving."

 "…"

 The method of reincarnation.

 Taking over another being's body…

 Wait, don't be deceived.

 "However, originally body and soul are as one. You attach yourself to a foreign body, but if there are signs of rejection, the revival will fail."

 "…"

 "Thus the first generation Dragon God came up with the idea to plant his factor into multiple people, and when they make children, their bodies will have been slightly changed.

 "…"

 "He tried creating a vessel that matched my soul by adapting the whole body of the people over hundred, thousands of generations."

 "…"

 "The reincarnation will occur when an adapted body possessing the factor perfectly matches with the soul. Taking over the body of the soul it was originally supposed to be in and be born while pretending to be it. Many from the ancient dragon-tribe have been reincarnated into the present by using this method of reincarnation. Perugius is one of them. Furthermore, he does not remember about his previous life because he reincarnated with his vague childhood memories."

 Taking over the body of the soul it was originally supposed to be in, and becoming that person.

 Hearing these words, I looked at my own hands.

 I'm also a reincarnated person.

 I wonder if I robbed the person known as Rudeus Greyrat his life.

 "Hey, are you listening?"

 "Eh? Ah yes. I am."

 Before I noticed, I was looking into Orsted's face.

 For a while he looked into my face and then let out a breath.

 "Returning to the topic. Although Demon God Laplace had already lost his mind, he seemed to remember about the method of reincarnation, or there may be some remaining records of it. Being defeated by Perugius, he distributed his factor before his body was sealed and sent his own soul to the future.

 "…"

 "Currently, those who have characteristics similar to his and possess the Laplace factor, have slowly started to appear. Having an aptitude towards magic and possessing a great amount of magic, green hair and being born with demon eyes."

 Aptitude towards magic and possessing a great amount of magic.

 Green hair.

 With the exception of demon eye, a certain person comes to mind.

 "Perhaps, Sylphy is?"

 "Ah, Sylphiette is one of them. Though for some reason her hair turned white."

 "But she is not Laplace himself, right?"

 "Of course, he can't become a woman."

 I felt a little relieved.

 However, thinking about it, the most suspicious person is not Sylphy.

 "Then, me?"

 "You are likely the same. A body that can harbor such a great amount of magic is usually not born."

 "…I thought I managed to expand my amount of magic with my own efforts."

 "Of course. It is only because your body has the characteristic to harbor such a great quantity of magic. If you did not train your magic since childhood, you would only have a little more than an ordinary person. Maybe about the same as Sylphiette. That tremendous quantity of magic is the crystallization of your effort. You can be proud of yourself."

 Somehow I was praised.

 I wonder if it was fine to be proud.

 "Ehm, so I am not Laplace himself, right?"

 "No. The time until Laplace will be reborn is a little farther ahead in the future."

 I see.

 I was a little bit relieved when I heard that I was not Laplace himself.

 I'm also glad to know of the origin of my magic.

 Though I did feel a little bad for Ruijerd because it was Laplace's power.

 However, power is power.

 It is up to oneself how to use the power.

 But that is not what I was worried about.

 "…"

 Orsted was looking at me for a while, but let out a sigh and said.

 "You can relax. Although you are also a reincarnated person…according to my memory the person known as Rudeus Greyrat does not exist."

 "…That is?"

 "The fact that you have the Laplace factor, means that before you were born you possessed an aptitude towards magic and a big magic quantity. It would not be strange if the soul could not handle harboring all that amount of magic in your body."

 "Not being able to handle it means?"

 "It means originally it was probably stillborn. Then you entered inside."

 Stillborn.

 I see.

 Then it's good.

 The fact that I did not kill Mr. Rudeus is good.

 I did not want to think that I robbed him of such a great, happy life.

 It was good that it did not become a sad history, with Paul and Zenith's first child being dead.

 Hence it's good.

 All right.

 Let's change it.

 I am Paul's and Zenith's child, Rudeus.

 The one and only Rudeus Greyrat.

 With that mindset, let's move on to the next question.

 Part 3

 Regarding the mana calamity

 "I heard that the mana calamity was the result of summoning Nanahoshi, but can I hear the specific details?"

 "…There are still many things that are unknown regarding the incident. It was the first time something like this happened."

 "As a reincarnated person, I was at that place. Thus I think there exists the possibility that I caused that incident…"

 "You were…?"

 While saying so, Eris touched the area around my thigh.

 When I looked at her, she was weakly shaking her head.

 To reassure myself, I moved my hand――and touched Eris's buttocks.

 The soft yet well-built buttocks was very attractive and ah, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts!

 "The possibility cannot be ruled out. Nanahoshi, you, that incident, they were all unprecedented incidents."

 I thought the flesh around the thigh would be ripped off.

 Eris glared at me with a serious face, saying [Wasn't this supposed to be a serious topic!?].

 I was happy that she became a child that could read the atmosphere.

 Anyway, it seemed like he did not have information regarding the mana calamity.

 Even though Nanahoshi made a weird hypothesis…well, I guess it's fine.

 Part 4

 Regarding things from now on

 For the time being, these questions were enough.

 If I heard too much, I feel like my head would split.

 In fact, my head was already at the brink of splitting.

 "…First, I managed to obtain information about the future."

 "Is that so?"

 "Ehm, please have a look."

 Having said so, I handed over the future diary to Orsted.

 Orsted opened the diary and read a few pages.

 And, making a frown looked up.

 "It will take some time. The characters are too messy."

 "I do not mind…"

 I wonder if my writing really was that messy.

 I was also told that by Nanahoshi.

 Well, it's a diary, even if it's messy, it can't be helped.

 But…let's just be careful showing others my writing.

 "Ah, right, before we continue, may I first confirm something?"

 "What is it?"

 I wonder if it was fine to ask about it.

 I felt like because Orsted was much more benevolent than I expected, I was pushing the line.

 "I, no, I――"

 "You do not need to be so formal."

 "I, from now on will become Orsted-san's…-sama's subordinate. Having said so, is that acceptable?"

 "…Ah. But only as long as you intend to."

 "So, it is a rather difficult topic to talk about."

 Taking a look at Eris, I said.

 "It is regarding the terms of employment?"

 "Terms, of…employment…?"

 "Yes. I do have wives and children, I would like to regularly have rest days, time to see my family, if they are possible, I believe, I would feel very grateful. Yes."

 Rest is very important.

 It is necessary for any human to rest.

 I am of course someone who will put forth all my efforts into working, when I have decided to work.

 But still.

 Exactly for what reason I work, isn't it necessary to regularly remind yourself?

 To see the growth of Lucy.

 To tell Aisha and Norn to study.

 To savour Lilia's dishes.

 To bask in the sun with mother.

 To do erotic things with Sylphy.

 To do erotic things with Roxy.

 To do erotic things with Eris.

 Right.

 "That is up to you. Rudeus Greyrat."

 "Ah, is that so."

 As expected it was no good, huh.

 I'm sorry Lucy, daddy will be working away from home.

 Until I defeat Human God, save the world, and return, grow up healthy and be a good kid.

 "But I am different from Atofe. I do not think I could separate you, who risked his life trying to protect his family, from them. To take you away for so many years…at the very least, right now I do not have such intentions."

 "Ah, is that so? Hearing that I can feel relieved."

 It seems I will receive rest.

 Whew.

 I'm glad.

 It would be hard to be separated from everyone.

 Even saying that I absolutely must protect them, I want to be together with them.

 "Is there anything else you require?"

 Orsted's eyes were glaring.

 I wonder if it would be fine to ask.

 I hope he won't be angry.

 No no, it is not good to ask for such a thing afterwards.

 Don't we have a contract, we have to be firm and decide this first.

 "…Is it really all right for me to make a demand?"

 "I plan to make it as convenient as possible."

 Are you serious.

 Then is it fine to push the line and demand salary?

 It should not be a bad thing.

 Money was in other words responsibility.

 Paying money means to give responsibility.

 Receiving money means to take responsibility.

 A work that doesn't involve money will become an irresponsible work.

 Or so I have read in a manga.

 From now on I will receive responsibility from Orsted.

 It could be said that getting money from Orsted was a form of proof.

 "Ehm, that is… If I am not at home, there will be one less person, working to support the family. Although it cannot be said that I earn much…previously to fight Orsted-sama, a lot, that is, has been used up. Even the reserves…though there was still some left, it can be said that the bottom can be seen. Thus, if I do not work, the dinner will have one less dish. And, we still have young ones in the middle of their growth spurt."

 "…In other words, it is about money."

 "To put it in simple terms, that is it, hehe."

 While I made an embarrassed, vulgar laugh, Orsted took something out of his pocket.

 It was a dagger in its splendidly ornamented sheath.

 No, a short sword.

 It was put on top of the table.

 "This is one of 48 demon swords, crafted from the bones of King Ryuuou by the demon realm's craftsman Yulian Jalisco. It is the demon sword Yubi Ori[Prominent]. If you sell it, you would probably receive about 100,000 Asura gold coins. It will be your current budget."

 "Oh, yes…"

 100,000 Asura gold coins.

 In this currency, one Asura gold coin is worth about 100,000 yen…ehm, ehm.

 So it's equivalent to 10 bi, billion yen!?

 Is this not an amount that allows you to play around your whole life.

 It may be enough to build a castle.

 "So it is not enough?"

 "N, no, how is that possible."

 This is bad.

 That guy, he gave me such an expensive item, exactly what is he going to make me do.

 Ah, to fight against Human God.

 …But, it became a little more scary.

 But, even if he says it is my current budget, exactly who would pay so much money to buy one sword.

 Asura's royal family?

 Am I going to squeeze one of Ariel's brothers dry?

 "B, but, it would be extremely hard to turn this into money, I think."

 "Hm…I see. That is true. Then, is something like this better?"

 Saying so, Orsted took out a leather bag.

 It was casually put on the table and made a sound like stones were rubbing against each other.

 I stretched out my hands towards the leather bag to see what was inside.

 Colorful and transparent stones were inside.

 They were blue, red, green, yellow, black and white.

 "These are gems…?"

 "They are magic stones. They may be small, but I have chosen ones dyed in a color. If you sell them at the magic guild, they will become a large sum of money."

 Colored magic stones.

 And so many of them…

 Unlike the demon sword, you wouldn't be able to build a castle, but it would be enough to play around for 10 years.

 I wonder if it's all right to receive something like this.

 While I was thinking, I took a glance at Orsted's face.

 "Do you still need more."

 Is more coming?

 No, but.

 Receiving any more.

 Would be somewhat scary.

 "No…for the time being, this is enough."

 The magic stones and the short sword were placed in the pocket while answering.

 Somehow it felt like receiving dangerous items, it was itching.

 I think I will have Eris take the short sword…

 "Then, I will read this diary, but what will you do?"

 "Let's see. I will wait."

 "It will take a day."

 "Ah…then, what to do. Today is still early…is it better to continue the story?"

 "No, if you believe that this diary is important, it would be better to read it first."

 Though whether it was important or not was difficult to say.

 Just, I felt that it was better to read it at least once.

 Orsted can roughly see the future.

 Thus if he took a look at my diary, he may come to some kind of realization.

 "Then, I will come again tomorrow to this place."

 "Ah."

 "…Do you intend to sleep here?"

 "Ah."

 "I understand."

 Saying my farewell, I left the hut and returned to the house.

 Part 5

 On the way home.

 In the evening, Eris was walking one step ahead.

 Somehow I ended up hearing about many difficult to understand topics.

 My head felt heavy.

 My tired head was only looking at the incredible buttocks before me.

 Eris's butt was amazing.

 There was a perfect harmony between muscle and fat.

 It gave off an incredible feeling.

 What can come out will come out.

 It would be what was known as sex appeal.

 Eris was perfectly wearing her bottoms where the buttocks line appeared.

 It was a very impressive line.

 You could understand that it was just about to burst out.

 Whether it was spats or leggings.

 Hm, exactly what leather was the material made off, I don't think I have seen such an odd animal.

 No, that elasticity may come from the cloth.

 I felt that if I touched it, I would understand.

 That's right, I should just touch it.

 If I touch it, I would unravel one of the mysteries in the world in exchange for momentary pain.

 All right.

 Eris could use the [Sword of Light], I will also show that I can use the [Touch of Light].

 "Rudeus."

 Suddenly Eris turned around.

 I hurriedly raise up my face.

 "…Rudeus is Rudeus, right?"

 As usual, Eris's face was shaped like the character へ.

 She somehow understood all the talk regarding reincarnation.

 "Ah. I am me. I seem to have the Laplace Factor, but I'm not someone entirely different."

 "Then, nothing will change from now on?"

 "That's the intention. Only something that was not known became clear, nothing will change."

 I declared without making excuses or apologizing.

 Eris seems to have kept up with the topics from before.

 I wonder if she understood it.

 To Orsted, reincarnation seemed to be like a daily occurrence, while I, who read Sci-Fi in my previous life, was somehow able to understand it.

 But I wonder if someone without any prior knowledge would be able to keep up with the topics just now.

 No, even Eris is supposed to be around 20 years old.

 It's not an age where you never need to think.

 It's my own selfish wish for Eris to forever remain an idiot.

 "Fufun~."

 In the situation where I didn't know whether Eris understood it or not, she said.

 "You want to keep it a secret from Sylphy and Roxy?"

 "If possible, but if you want to reveal it, I will say it."

 As I answered, Eris was running two, three steps and stopped.

 The sunset was right behind her.

 Her beautiful proportions were cast in shadow by the light behind her.

 As her red hair was basking in the sunset, it shone like rubies.

 Even with back-light, her well-defined facial features and the sharp glint in her eyes gave off a strong sense of presence.

 How beautiful.

 "Then, let's walk while holding hands."

 Eris held out her hand.

 I silently took her hand.

 Contrary to her beautiful appearance there were sword calluses, and it was slightly rougher, which was a big difference compared to Sylphy and Roxy.

 The hand that wrapped around mine was warm and strong.

 I grasped it tightly in return and began walking.

 To walk side by side with Eris after such a long time, made me happy for some reason.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
