Volume 17  3 — Towards the First Mission

Volume 17 Chapter 3 - Towards the First Mission

 

 Part 1

 The next day.

 For the second time, I proceeded towards Orsted's place.

 Today, I went alone.

 I asked Eris to guard the house.

 Right now she is the watchdog.

 If a suspicious guy comes, she is to help Aisha send them away.

 With this, the security of my home is perfect.

 I had her protect the house, at least until the guardian magical beast is summoned.

 Since Eris came along, it should be fine to take Sylphy and Roxy along as well…

 But due to Orsted's curse, they will most likely become hostile towards him.

 In the end, going alone was better.

 Part 2

 Outside the hut, Zanoba was dead.

 Leaning against the almost 3 meter tall metal mass, he was lying on his face.

 "No way…!"

 I rushed towards him in a hurry, put my hand on his shoulder and shook it.

 "Are you serious, hey, Zanoba…hey!"

 Pulse――was beating.

 Pupil――was moving.

 Breath――was there.

 Body temperature――was warm.

 Looks like he was still alive…!

 I was too hasty. He was not dead.

 He was just sleeping.

 "Haa…I was perplexed…"

 Jesus, I almost cried.

 Why was this guy sleeping in a place like this.

 He should just sleep like royalty on a soft bed…He is already at an advanced age.

 While I was relieved, Orsted came out from inside the hut.

 "You came, Rudeus."

 "Ah, yes, I have arrived."

 He moved his eyes and stared at Zanoba and me.

 "Last night, Zanoba Shirone suddenly came and brought that along."

 "That?"

 "The armor that you used."

 Ah, when taking a closer look, wasn't this wreck the magic armor.

 It couldn't be recognized with one glance, because it was divided into parts.

 Come to think of it, when I gave back the report saying they should just leave it alone because it was broken, I also said that I would come back for it soon.

 "So did you fight when you encountered each other?"

 "Ah."

 Surely Zanoba never imagined to run into Orsted in this place.

 Maybe it would have been better to tell him about this yesterday…

 Ah well, no external wounds can be seen, it seems Orsted went easy on him.

 "In the end he could not take it because of the curse, so he said he will leave it to you and crawled over to there. You sure are highly cherished."

 "Zanoba~!"

 Without thinking, I rushed towards Zanoba and started using healing magic.

 Because there wasn't an external injury, there was most likely no meaning in using it, but at the very least I wanted him to have a peaceful sleep.

 Or rather, when he fell down here, did he land on his head.

 Orsted has no mercy.

 "Then, he will open his eyes again, right?"

 "I put him to sleep with hypnosis magic that is passed down in the Nuka-tribe. He will wake up in a few hours."

 I see.

 With hypnosis magic.

 I wonder what kind of magic it is.

 Could you freely manipulate your opponent with it.

 For example, if I gave Sylphy the order [Roll up your skirt], would she do exactly as told.

 No, even if hypnosis wasn't used, she would do so.

 Then again, to make that order Sylphy has to first wear a skirt.

 A miniskirt would be great.

 A miniskirt like those fairies wear would surely suit Sylphy.

 Though in this country they do not sell something like a miniskirt.

 But well, if you could freely manipulate others, Orsted would use it more often.

 It looks like the best it could do was to make others fall asleep.

 "Let us go inside and continue yesterday's conversation."

 Orsted immediately went inside after saying that.

 After putting a jacket over Zanoba and creating a roof with magic, I went inside.

 On the way back, I will bring him to Ginger's place.

 Part 3

 "Then, it may be sudden, but let us move to the main topic."

 Hearing Orsted's words, I sat at the table.

 Orsted took out the diary from his breast pocket and put it on the table.

 "It was a rather interesting diary…while I have some interest in the time travel magic, but since we cannot replicate it, let us leave it alone for the time being."

 "Yes."

 "Although there are still some things to be worried about… Before we start talking about the contents of the diary, first tell me about the conversations until now between you and Human God. I will have you spit out everything."

 "With pleasure."

 I then recalled and recited everything, from when I first met Human God and everything afterwards.

 Until now, I have met with Human God…

 Directly after the teleportation.

 In the town of Rikaris.

 In Wind port.

 In East port.

 Directly after almost getting killed by Orsted.

 Before enrolling into the magic university.

 Right before I went to Begaritt continent.

 Just before the me came from the future.

 Right after the me came from the future.

 During the preparation to fight against Orsted.

 These ten times.

 I went into detail in every one of them.

 As well as the outcome, exactly what and how it happened.

 Just after the teleportation. Being told to rely on Ruijerd.

 As a result, we become adventurers.

 In the town of Rikaris. Being told to accept the request to look for the pet.

 As a result, we met with Jaril and Veskel, but were eventually forced out of town.

 In Wind port. To go into a back alley while holding food.

 As a result, I met the Great Demon Empress and gained a demon eye.

 In East Port. Being shown a prediction and being told to go to Shirone.

 As a result, I became acquainted with Zanoba and rescued Lilia and Aisha.

 Directly after almost getting killed by Orsted. I did not receive advice.

 Before enrolling into the magic university. Being told to go to the magic university and research about the mana calamity.

 As a result, I reunited with Sylphy and married her.

 Right before I went to Begaritto continent. Being told to not go to Begaritto continent.

 As a result of going against his advice, Paul died, Zenith became disabled and I married Roxy. Human God said that if I hadn't gone, Paul would have survived.

 Just before the me came from the future. Being told to go to the basement.

 The moment I tried to go, the me from the future came and told me what would have happened. The rat was definitely inside.

 Right after the me came from the future. He appeared with a displeased face and told me to kill Orsted.

 I accordingly did so and started the preparations to kill Orsted.

 During the preparation. He was talking freely about the armor. As a result, the completion was hurried.

 Orsted was quietly listening to the story.

 While neither adding to the conversation or asking questions.

 He was just quietly listening.

 "――That is all. Did you understand something?"

 Orsted nodded when being asked.

 "Ah, I understood exactly how he used you."

 Oh. So it was a fact.

 As expected it was Orsted's area of expertise.

 "He has used you to change the history."

 "Hm, the history."

 "Originally the history preordained by strong fate was not supposed to change."

 "…Is that because my fate is strong?"

 "Yes."

 It seems my destiny power could change the history.

 "But, if Orsted-sama intended to change it, it would change, right?"

 "Ah."

 As he nodded, he tapped on the diary lying on top of the table.

 "But I do not grasp the reason why Human God has changed history to this degree."

 "Is the reason not to prevent his own death?"

 "Do not just blindly believe in his words."

 "Ah, yes."

 Well, there was the possibility of being lied to.

 "Anyway, I understood one thing."

 "What would that be."

 "The fact that after changing history this way, in the end a favorable future for him awaits."

 "I see."

 In one beat, Orsted said.

 "Thus I will make you change history, to a future that will be favorable for me."

 So it's not to return it to its original path.

 It makes sense.

 What has not happened is not part of history.

 History is what you make.

 "It is a rather tedious way."

 "I am already preparing and moving while thinking about what will happen in a 100 years time. What has happened and what will happen, everything is strategic preparation. Because of Nanahoshi and you, things have become distorted…"

 In a 100 years time.

 It appears he has started preparing a long time ago, to now change his strategy seemed no longer viable.

 "…Just for confirmation, it appears we cannot go to the place where Human God is and beat him up together, right?"

 "Until we have collected hidden treasures, we cannot reach Human God."

 "And we cannot collect them right now?"

 "It is possible to collect 4, but the last one is in Laplace's possession. Laplace's revival is about 80 years from now. …I will retrieve the hidden treasure. Be sure not to act in a selfish manner?"

 Selfish or not.

 It was not like I knew where those hidden treasures were located.

 Though it was written in the diary that they were in the possession of the five dragon leaders.

 But the only place I knew was Perugius's place.

 Hm? But isn't the plan compromised by the fact that the Mad Dragon King Chaos has died?

 "I have heard that the Mad Dragon King Chaos has passed away, is it still all right?"

 "Chaos's part has already been collected."

 I see, so the preparations have already been done.

 "But, the plan to have me change the future may have already been predicted by Human God."

 "Hm?"

 "Is there not also the possibility that by moving this way, we will dig our own grave?"

 "None. The possibility is high that he possesses the characteristic to be unconditionally trusted by the living beings in this world in addition to his strong future sight…on the other hand, he is not good dealing with irregulars."

 Is that so.

 I wonder whether Human God also possesses a curse…

 But no, there would be no trust.

 After all I did not trust him.

 Then again Orsted's curse does not work on me.

 Thus Human God's curse would also not work on me.

 There was a feeling that Human God was struggling in his conversations with me.

 But thinking back, in the beginning I did seem to trust his words a lot.

 So it can be said that the curse was not completely working?

 So there was also the possibility that one day I will become fearful towards Orsted?

 No, Orsted's information may be not completely true.

 The fact that he is unconditionally trusted by all living beings, there is the possibility that it can be ruled out.

 In the end, I had no clue what was correct or not.

 Unexpectedly, that [Curses do not affect me] may only be half-true.

 At first I was quite scared regarding Orsted.

 On the other hand, on the way I began trusting Human God more and more.

 Ah well, I didn't know about this. Let's put it aside.

 "Even if you look ahead…you may not win."

 "I can."

 Orsted declared so.

 "He is not omnipotent, it is just one more step."

 Those words were not directed towards me.

 It was as if Orsted was persuading himself.

 Orsted intended to win.

 Even if I was inferior midway, I will be the one to win in the end, such mettle could be felt.

 How dependable.

 "For the time being, we will change the most recent history."

 "The most recent?"

 "That is right."

 Continuing, Orsted said this.

 "To turn Asura Kingdom's second princess, Ariel Anemoi Asura, into the Asura Kingdom's queen."

 "Ooh."

 "If it is necessary, we will manipulate her like a puppet."

 "Ooh?"

 Like a puppet.

 How to say, they were words that caused a bad feeling.

 "I wonder if that Ariel-sama can be so easily manipulated."

 "Even though I said like a puppet, it is not such an exaggerated thing. It is enough if there are ties to the Asura Kingdom in the future."

 "I see."

 When saying ties in the future, it is in anticipation for the next 100 years.

 If we started something now, the results will show themselves in a 100 years time.

 For example, to help regarding the study of magic.

 For example, to strengthen the armaments.

 For example, to extinguish the spark that will lead to the collapse of the kingdom.

 "I wonder if doing something like that will be all right."

 "There is no problem. In the first place, in the history that I know of, Ariel was supposed to become queen."

 "Ho, is it possible to hear details regarding that history?"

 "All right."

 Orsted nodded and began to narrate.

 Part 4

 "According to the original history, Ariel Anemoi Asura should have become queen. This was protected by a considerably powerful fate…it was a settled matter."

 "One would not think so if one saw the current Ariel-sama."

 "I suppose."

 The fortune of Ariel as of late has started to wane.

 Even I could see and understand that, she was getting nowhere when speaking with Perugius.

 It may be because of that, that Sylphy seemed to be busy going here and there.

 Though they gave their best, it felt tough.

 "To make Ariel queen, the power of three people are required. The first one is the guardian magician Derrick Redbat."

 Guardian magician Derrick.

 He was the magician that acted as Ariel's escort before Sylphy.

 He seemed to have died because of the mana calamity.

 "He was a shrewd man, possessing a strong ambition. If the mana calamity had not happened, Ariel was fated to encounter Perugius. And the one who at that time would have persuaded Perugius was Derrick."

 That is to say that if that Derrick fellow was alive right now, the situation right now would not be like this.

 "Even after this, Derrick would have remained as Ariel's advisor and would eventually become the prime minister."

 Prime minister.

 No wonder he was such an important person.

 "Such a person disappeared due to the mana calamity?"

 "That is right. Though he was supposed to have been protected by a strong fate…he died."

 Even with fate, it didn't seem to be infallible.

 It would be better to not think that because I possess a strong fate, I could not die.

 "In other words, it would be fine to find another person."

 "No, if we are to manipulate, a prime minister would become a hindrance instead. He is not needed."

 "Without a prime minister, will Ariel be able to do it?"

 "With Ariel coming to the magic city Sharia, there has been a change in talented personnel. There is no problem."

 Then it's fine.

 If we tried to follow that path, it seems it will backfire.

 Well, that being said, it's better if I didn't become the prime minister.

 I was not particularly smart.

 "The second one was Eris Boreas Greyrat."

 "Eris?"

 I wonder how she was related to this.

 Apart from being nobility from Asura, they don't have anything else in common.

 "Originally, after training her sword arm, Eris was supposed to enter the Asura's chivalric order. There she would meet Luke and they were fated to marry."

 "Hee~………"

 There was a tingling sensation in my chest.

 "Wait a minute, the image of Eris and Luke marrying does not seem possible."

 "For Luke it was love at first sight."

 "You serious."

 So Luke was that, huh.

 The descendant of a hero or something?

 No, it wouldn't be weird for him to fall for Eris at first sight.

 She was incredibly beautiful.

 Her chest was huge.

 Her body was quite erotic.

 It wouldn't be weird for someone to be suddenly deceived by her appearance.

 "No matter how many times he was hit, against Luke Notus Greyrat's relentless attacks, Eris Boreas Greyrat eventually gave in. But after marriage, they were a rather happily married couple."

 Hm.

 A happily married couple.

 Hee~, haa~…if you properly looked deep enough, even Eris has some cute spots.

 …But there was a feeling of being NTR'd.

 Right, once I'm back, let's rub Eris's breasts from behind.

 I will most likely be hit, but everything, everything has its price.

 To touch those breasts, even becoming punch-drunk would be fine.

 "To you it would be an unpleasant topic."

 "Ehm, to be honest."

 "I see. Then let me summarize it."

 I do not know about any other history.

 The history where Eris and Luke stuck together did not exist.

 In the current history, the one receiving Eris's love is only me.

 Eris is mine only.

 "Unlike now, the Eris Boreas Greyrat I knew was a swordswoman, whose sword arm had the potential to become Saint-ranked. Because she was from a good family, had beautiful looks and coupled with her harsh personality, she was called the Red Lion."

 The Red Lion.

 If I remember right, since young Eris was called wild monkey or something like that.

 If I compare them, she seemed to have risen up.

 Though she was known as Mad Sword King right now…wait, in the end she was still a beast.

 "Together with Luke, Eris protected Ariel from assassins countless times, and helped pave Ariel's road to become queen."

 "So it is the position Sylphy is in right now."

 "That's right."

 "…And in that history, what was supposed to happen to Sylphy?"

 Though it wasn't related, let's hear it.

 "Sylphiette became Roxy Migurdia's disciple and became an adventurer. Due to her green hair, she seems to have been disliked, but she eventually managed to conquer several dungeons and became world-famous as a Dungeon Traveler[Dungeon Explorer]."

 "Ohh."

 Incredible, Sylphy.

 As expected from my Sylphy.

 When I return, let me lick your ears.

 "And, who did Sylphy marry with?"

 "The reason I talk is not to satisfy your intellectual curiosity."

 So I was told directly.

 I'm sorry.

 But when I became dejected, Orsted let out a sigh and continued.

 "To my knowledge, Sylphiette and Roxy Migurdia did not marry anyone and lived their lives as singles."

 Is that so, thank you very much.

 I see, I see.

 So Sylphy and Roxy were singles.

 Ah~, so those two only belong to me.

 I was somehow happy.

 Especially after being told that Eris and Luke were supposed to be married.

 So this is what's known as possessiveness, huh.

 Those two belonged to this one.

 I will definitely not hand them over to anyone.

 "Is there anyone else from your family that you want to know the history of?"

 "No, let us continue with the story."

 Though I want to hear…

 A story about a world where I didn't exist, even if I heard it, nothing could be done about it.

 Then, hearing only the necessary parts was fine.

 Let that be enough to satisfy my curiosity.

 "Instead of Eris, Sylphy took on that duty, that should be fine, right."

 "Ah. The fact that Ariel is alive is proof of that. Furthermore, because Eris was accompanying Ariel, Philip Boreas Greyrat and Sauros Boreas Greyrat joined the faction of the second princess."

 Hm, more people who passed away.

 Both Philip and Sauros have already died.

 To think that those two should have become Ariel's comrades…

 Wasn't the current situation rather severe.

 "Then the third person?"

 "Tristina Purplehorse."

 Tristina Purplehorse?

 …Someone I didn't know, huh.

 "Tristina was a child from Asura's upper aristocracy's family Purplehorse, but was abducted when she was 8 years old and became a sex slave to senior minister Darius Silver Ganius."

 Darius.

 Wasn't he the minister holding the most power in the Asura kingdom right now.

 He was in the first prince's faction.

 To make an 8 year old child his sex slave, he sure has an interesting taste.

 Then again, the first prince…what was his name again?

 "Tristina was supposed to be disposed of in secret, but was fortunately helped by Ariel. Though he was a senior minister, he could not escape the charges after imprisoning a child from the Purplehorse family for so many years. As a result, the senior minister lost his position and the first prince Gravel lost influence."

 The first prince's name was Gravel.

 Right, remember it.

 "Understood, then where is Tristina in the current history?"

 "Her position is unknown."

 "She was not dead?"

 "Because a big incident happened, Darius had to immediately reorganize his surroundings. To dispose of his sex slaves, the possibility that they died is high."

 So it's a problem of possibility.

 It seemed the probability of her being dead was higher.

 "Darius sold the sex slaves, who should have been disposed, at the slave market to raise money. Thus the women who became slaves were most of the time bought by someone else and continued as a slave, or were taught techniques, if they were not adults yet, and became thieves."

 At that moment, Orsted tapped at my diary.

 "I am intrigued about the woman called Tris, who is mentioned in the diary."

 Tris.

 If I remember right, she was the thief woman the me in the diary met when infiltrating the Asura Kingdom.

 Though the diary wasn't written any further.

 "But the name Tris is not an uncommon name in Asura."

 This and that.

 That was because there were all kinds of -ris in Asura.

 "True, but as far as I know, a thief woman called Tris does not exist in that region. Also, the characteristics of Tristina and the thief woman mentioned in the diary seem to match."

 Ah, I see.

 A person, whose history wasn't known by Orsted, suddenly appeared in the diary.

 So because the names are similar, there's a chance that they are the same person.

 Even so, Tristina and Tris.

 If they were the same person, I wonder if she named herself Tris because it was easier to call.

 It was a feeling as if the rest was spirited away.

 "So by obtaining that person, it is possible to ruin the senior minister."

 "It's because she is a live witness."

 Then for Ariel to become queen, she was someone we had to get in contact with.

 "I wonder why she did not return to her parent's house."

 "Officially it was a kidnapping, but she was sold by Purplehorse behind the scenes."

 "If it was revealed that she was sold away as a sex slave by her parent's house, they would lose their power?"

 "Because the supposed kidnapping was revealed. As long as a reason exists to attack others, anything would have been fine."

 I see.

 Since Darius had many enemies, who and where had what circumstances, anything would have been fine.

 For a girl from upper aristocracy to be abducted and violated against her will, if that was the truth, it wouldn't be difficult to ruin Darius.

 "It is a rather disturbing country."

 "True. But because it was full of such people, they hold the most power in this world. Disregarding the fact that they live on rich lands."

 Well, there were likely many good diplomats or so.

 Though it may be bias, even if internally they pull each other's legs, their connection with other countries seemed to be good.

 "Regardless, as long as Tristina exists, we can force senior minister Darius's downfall. Once he is gone, the rest will somehow fall in place."

 "Is senior minister Darius such a powerful person?"

 "Ah, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the current king only became king because of Darius."

 Is that so.

 I wonder if he was the kind that was good at collecting money and laying the groundwork like ***sawa.

 "If we fail to cause his ruin…you will kill him."

 "Eh, I am to kill him?"

 "Yes. With your powerful fate, killing him should be easy."

 It seemed that whether or not you are able to kill your opponent was decided by the strength of your fate.

 Ah right, wasn't this also Human God's argument on whether or not I could kill Orsted?

 "…Understood."

 Though there was some resistance towards killing people.

 But if it was related to protecting my family, I will try my best.

 The opponent was an evil minister.

 Then it was fine.

 If the opponent was scum, he couldn't be regarded as a human.

 "But if I followed the story correctly, wasn't there also the faction of the second prince? Is it fine to leave him alone?"

 "The second prince Halfaus. A path that would lead him to become king does not exist. If he was not a possible candidate to become king, there were few who truly thought of him becoming king."

 "However nothing is certain this time, even if the chance was low, he may become king."

 The second prince. Halfaus was the name.

 I neither knew his face or personality, but if he was considered as a candidate, he should be excellent.

 We don't know what could happen.

 "There is no problem. If we happen to fail, we will succeed next time."

 "Next time? Is it about the next move?"

 "A-…Ah, that is right."

 "What will become of Ariel?"

 "She will die."

 Having been alive for 2000 years, I wonder if one or two failures are tolerable.

 After all in a long, thought-out plan, not everything can be successful.

 So for a strategic move in a 100 years' time, it would be fine even if one or two things were missing.

 But still.

 "Let us stop here, saying such momentary things will only make Human God snicker."

 Being told so, Orsted had a furious look.

 It was a scary face.

 But I still continued.

 "It is possible that afterwards the failures will continue. As a result, the final conflict might be influenced."

 While I agreed that it was fine as long as you win in the end one way or another, if Ariel were to die, there existed the possibility that Sylphy will be involved.

 I also promised Ghyslaine to introduce her to Ariel.

 The followers' misfortune was my misfortune.

 I did not wish for misfortune.

 "Let us take care of each and every one. To win every single challenge with the utmost caution."

 "…That goes without saying."

 Orsted firmly nodded.

 "Anyway, the first objective is to make Ariel queen. Orsted-sama will give instruction and I will be the one moving…so to say."

 "That is right."

 So this was the feeling of being backed by someone.

 The feeling of being backed by Orsted's Dragon God association.

 But revealing this was a little troublesome.

 "Let us also make plans on how to deal with the second Prince Halfaus."

 "Very well. Regarding him, leave it to me. I will cause the downfall of the major nobles that follow him. Although he did not have the desire to become king, that will be enough to weaken his will to fight."

 From his tone, I noticed something.

 It may not matter who became king from Orsted's view.

 Even if Ariel died and Halfaus became king.

 In that case, it would be fine to insinuate myself into his faction.

 "The start of the operation will surely be soon."

 "In January, the information that the king fell ill will arrive."

 "Until then?"

 "Until then, complete your preparations."

 With Orsted's words, the objective for the time being was decided.

 Part 5

 Well, then, preparations.

 Even if he said preparations, exactly what should I prepare.

 While establishing contact with Ariel and Luke was obvious, there were also other preparations to be made.

 "Exactly what should I prepare."

 "First it will be your equipment. Most likely you will have to fight against Human God's apostles. Although just your body should be enough, it would be better to have protective equipment."

 Orsted looked outside the hut when saying so.

 There was the magic armor, the parts of which were in pieces, and Zanoba, who was sleeping peacefully.

 When looking closely, even the right hand's gatling was brought along.

 "Although it was far from the Fighting God's armor, it is a terrific armor. It must have been hard work to build something like that."

 "Well…I did receive a lot of advice from Human God."

 "Is that so…so he also dug his own grave. So, what is the epitaph?"

 "Epitaph, you say?"

 "The name of that armor."

 "Magic Armor[Magic-driven Armor]."

 "I see…a rather boring name. Should I give it a new one? Let's see…"

 "No thank you."

 Orsted squinted his eyes and laughed.

 Even this guy's smile was eccentric.

 Leaving the name aside, I wonder what Cliff and Zanoba would think about receiving praise from Dragon Orsted regarding the performance.

 "If you plan to keep continuing it in the future, it would be good to improve it a little more. With that, you will use up all your magic with only one use."

 "Even so, if we miniaturize it, it will not be ready in a month's time."

 "Then we will leave it out this time…"

 After saying that, Orsted put his hand on his chin and nodded.

 I wondered if he planned to help with the production.

 Is he going to give our armor the mark of the Dragon God?

 "But it's a problem that you can not wear fighting spirit. For now, wear this robe."

 "Ah, yes. Thank you very much."

 That robe was surely very valuable.

 "Let us also prepare magic items that you seem to be able to use."

 "…"

 The best environment, pay and equipment.

 Did Orsted plan to prepare all of them.

 There was a big difference compared to Human God's lousy pitches.

 "Come to think of it, I have heard that the Fighting God's armor was the most powerful, exactly what was it?"

 "It was Demon Dragon King Laplace's greatest masterpiece, as well as his greatest failure."

 Laplace's greatest masterpiece.

 So it was Laplace that created it.

 "On the surface the magic released will have a golden shine and the person equipped to it will gain the strongest power. However, because of the massive magic it is self-conscious and will take over the mind of the one equipped to it, it is a cursed armor."

 A cursed armor…

 Ah, was that what the dragon-tribe was good at making.

 It felt like all Laplace was making were cursed items.

 Supard tribe's spears, the armor…he didn't seem to have made any useful things.

 "Furthermore, right now it was sleeping in the middle of ocean rings, deep underneath."

 "…"

 Orsted seemed to know just about everything.

 There was nothing he didn't know.

 "And, let me give you this."

 While saying so, Orsted took out something like a scroll from his pocket.

 Receiving and opening it, a magic circle was inscribed on it.

 "This is?"

 "What was mentioned yesterday, a magic circle to summon a guardian magical beast."

 "Oh~."

 "Imagine a being to protect your family while pouring magic into it. Even words are fine. Then something corresponding to it should be summoned."

 "Is an image good enough?"

 "Your magic is vast. Even without going into full details, you should be able to summon someone good."

 Even if I was told that someone good will be found.

 But well, if it was like that, I will give it a try.

 "I hope something weird will not be summoned. Like a little girl, starting with demon and ending with emperor."

 "It is up to you exactly what will be summoned…but Kishirika Kishirisu possesses vast magic. Such a small magic circle could not summon someone like her."

 So the problem is size.

 Oh well.

 "Anyway, regarding the guardian magical beast, I will summon it tomorrow."

 "Ah."

 "First I should deepen friendly relations with Luke and Ariel and prepare for battle."

 "That is right."

 "Understood."

 For now, this should be it to the discussion.

 Ah, right.

 I forgot to ask one more important matter.

 "…Come to think of it, it seems my descendants will be helping Orsted-san. It should be better to create many of them, right? And, if I have [too many] children, will Laplace be among them?"

 "…Laplace will not be born amongst your children. Do as you like."

 "Understood. I will do as I like."

 Then let's give birth and increase our forces a little bit.

 Even Orsted would be happier to be surrounded by a great number of comrades.

 "Then, please excuse me for today. Unless this summoning magic circle is used, we will not know whether it works."

 "Ah."

 "Then, until another day. If something occurs, please contact my house again."

 While standing up.

 I remembered one more thing that needed to be asked.

 "Come to think of it, Orsted-sama. Have you visited Nanahoshi yet?"

 "…No I have not."

 "Although it is not something I should say, but if you are anxious to be called by her, it would make me happy if you could forgive her. It was me who grabbed hold of her weakness and forced her to become my comrade."

 "…"

 Orsted did not say a thing.

 Even I did not want others to be in discord because of me.

 "Nanahoshi was against me fighting you. It was because she was indebted to me."

 "…"

 "She still seems to regret manipulating you, if Orsted-san still has room in your heart to forgive Nanahoshi, could you agree with meeting with her once more, even if only to hear her apology?"

 "I know. I will do so. Only because Nanahoshi was…was a useful woman."

 That's true.

 She was very useful.

 Hm,hm.

 "Ah, right. I remembered because of the topic right now. Ignoring my side for now, it would be inconvenient if it was not possible for you to contact me. Take this with you."

 Orsted took out from his breast pocket a single ring and put it on the table.

 I have seen it somewhere.

 It was very recent.

 Or rather, wasn't this what Nanahoshi had and I used for the trap.

 "If some emergency comes up, use it to call me."

 When you used this ring, for a short time magic will be released.

 While it released magic, it will become a compass, with the other pair pointing towards the direction of the other.

 If this was a magic tool, it seemed like it would be possible to create a radar…

 Unfortunately it seemed reproducing the effects of magic items was very difficult.

 Even so, for him to give me this…

 He was confident in repelling another one of my surprise attacks, so to say.

 Or alternatively, he had enough trust in me that I will not attempt another surprise attack.

 …Let's assume the latter.

 Even Orsted would not want to go all-out a second or third time and use his sumptuous magic.

 If he places his trust in me, then I have a duty to respond to it.

 "I have received it. Then, until another day."

 Taking the ring, I left the hut.

 Part 6

 Afterwards I carried Zanoba and took him to Ginger's room.

 I left a message saying [The request to repair the magic armor will be at a later date].

 When I returned home, Sylphy was sullenly waiting.

 I explained to Sylphy, who was angry that I left the second time without telling where I went, about meeting Orsted.

 While hiding the future course of action, I told her that I will be moving here and there for the next month.

 Then I carried out my duty to increase Orsted's future allies by inviting her to the bed gradually.

 The one thing necessary for this duty was love.

 While making some excuse, that day I slept soundly.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
