Volume 2  5 — Young Lady Is 10 Years Old

Volume 2 Chapter 5 - Young Lady Is 10 Years Old

 

 Part 1

 A year has passed by.

 Eris's education is progressing smoothly.

 Her talent for the sword seems to be pretty good, before she was 10 she had already reached the standards of the intermediate rank.

 The intermediate rank can be said to be able to contend with an average knight.

 Ghyslaine says she can reach the advanced rank in a few years time.

 She's only 9 years old and yet…… Is our Ojou-sama a prodigy?

 What about me? If you ask me, I'll turn away my eyes.

 Eris in regards to language, well you can say it's going fine.

 Particularly because Ghyslaine talked about her terrible past ordeals because she couldn't read.

 She was unable to do anything because of that, got deceived by all sorts of bad people, and in the end ended up as a slave for sale.

 That's why Eris desperately tried to learn by heart.

 The improvement in math isn't very apparent. I'm not sure what sort of things will happen to Eris in the future, but this world doesn't seem to need the usage of advanced math, so I feel that it's best to take things slowly.

 In 5 years to be familiar with the 4 basic arithmetic operations, I'll make this my goal.

 The magic lessons are progressing smoothly too, but there's a feeling that we're reaching the bottleneck soon.

 She can basically use all the elementary ranked magic, and she's familiar with all the magic systems other than earth magic, and in comparison Ghyslaine only learned fire magic.

 They both attended the same classes, but why is there such a difference?

 Is water, wind and earth magic something that Ghyslaine isn't familiar with?

 In any case, there are some things in the magic textbook that cannot be used even if you chant it.

 Regarding this part, I also did not work hard in memorizing it, so I don't really understand.

 Also, I tried to let them learn voiceless incantations, but the return is meagre.

 Sylphy immediately caught on to it, perhaps this is an issue of age.

 Or perhaps Sylphy has that sort of talent.

 I don't really know, maybe I have taught them something useless.

 It's about time to go into the intermediate ranked magic, but Ghyslaine and Eris are both sword fighters.

 It should be enough to learn the elementary ranked magic to clear some unimportant miscellaneous stuff.

 I think this is fine if it's done this way.

 I believe one day it will be of use.

 Although I feel that in regards to every subject, it's progressing smoothly, but it seems that Etiquette classes has run into a problem.

 Part 2

 Eris' 10 years old birthday is fast approaching.

 The age of 10 years old is special, and according to noble customs, the 5 years old, 10 years old, 15 years old birthdays will be done with a grand party to celebrate the birthday.

 The mansion's courtyard will be open, and receive the citizens' gifts, and will also invite the nobles from the city to participate.

 Because Sauros is a boorish officer, the earlier plan was to have a self-help buffet style party with plenty of wine.

 But Philip intercepts the idea, and changes it to a dance party, reasoning that it's easier to allow the nobles to attend it.

 When it comes to the party, the one with the biggest headache is Eris.

 At any rate, she's unable to dance. She can't even do the easiest dance steps.

 "This is too big of a problem if the main actress is unable to dance."

 Edona says this during the staff meeting day held at the beginning of the month.

 I asked about Eris when she was 5 years old, and received the reply that dance classes are only necessary after the Asuran nobles are reaching 10 years old. This means there was no need to learn dancing.

 The sword and magic schedules are all suspended to hold an emergency training session for Etiquette classes.

 The sword training in the morning still doesn't change, and after having lunch, a little bit of magic is practiced to allow the food to digest, and after that every class is practicing dancing.

 The more I see Eris' appearance, the more I feel that she's under a cheerless and irritated mood.

 "Pardon me for asking, does Rudeus-sama know how to dance?"

 Edona who just turned up after the magic training ends, asks me.

 "No, I can't do it."

 "Then if you can't, please join in the practice. Rudeus will also attend the dance party also right?"

 "A, ah-. I will, participate?"

 I look at Eris, and she nods in a matter-of-fact manner.

 "Of course Rudeus will attend." (Polite)

 Is this due to the Etiquette classes? Eris's used some strange words.

 No, it's not something important.

 "I seem to be required to attend."

 "Then if you need to attend, it wouldn't be too good if you don't know how to dance."

 "No, it will be okay if I stay in a corner and act as a young child."

 Edona doesn't even show a strained smile.

 She always has a gentle smile on her face that doesn't break.

 I notice that other than this expression, this person doesn't show any other expressions.

 In other words, a poker face.

 "If one is attending a party for the first time, that person might feel more nervous than the usual self. There might be a moment where one steps on the dance partner's toes, furthermore the guests might feel discouraged looking at Ojou-sama's tender age. To resolve the tension, if it's possible, I wish you will become……"

 Edona looks at me several times, but she still has a smile on her face.

 After beating around the bush, you just want my help right?

 Eris' dance lessons are progressing with such difficulty.

 There's no helping it, even though I don't want to lend help in something that I'm not familiar in, but since she already puts it that way I can't refuse right.

 No matter what I'm still the head teacher.

 "I see, alright I understand. But I won't pay for the fees okay?"

 "Of course, but in reverse I will be troubling Rudeus-sama."

 Because of this dialogue, I also join the dance lessons.

 Part 3

 Edona's teaching methods are really too lousy, no, as a teacher it's roughly like that.

 You must do this, that's how you do that, in any case you should remember it. Something like this.

 What's important, what's the crux, and points to take note of, all of that aren't taught.

 I also met a teacher like that during my middle school, whatever, I'll just think of my own if I don't understand, since I'm not a child anymore.

 "I got it."

 After 3 days, I have grasped a few different dances.

 The so called dance is only to match the rhythm and do the fixed footsteps.

 You don't even need to practice for the simplest dance.

 Maybe it's because I actively used the experience when I played dance dance revolution during my middle school, there's not much of a problem.

 "That's magnificent, Rudeus-sama really is a genius."

 Eris frowns when she sees Edona praising me.

 Something that she is unable to do for months has been easily done by someone else, her heart cannot remain calm for sure.

 But I haven't been slacking for the past 3 days learning the dance steps, I have been observing Eris's problems.

 And I finally understood clearly, her dancing is too fast and rigid.

 Even though dancing is very compatible with the Sword-God style, but things are contrary to expectations, one is supposed to do a graceful step according to the rhythm, but she does it in the fastest speed possible, completely disrupting the dance partner's rhythm.

 Eris' base instincts feel repressed by the rhythm that is disrupting her. No matter what it is she will insist on her own steps, without being affected by others. This is a talent in combat, but it might disrupt one's self during dancing.

 After all you need to match your dance partner's actions.

 Edona has secretly told me, that she has never met such a talentless student, but the truth isn't like this.

 If she's capable of moving at high speeds, it means that she's able to dance, it's just the method of teaching her isn't very good.

 Even though correcting it is a little troublesome, but I have a card up my sleeve.

 "Eris, close your eyes, let your own rhythm control your body movements."

 "… What are you thinking of, when you're asking me to close my eyes!"

 "… Rudeus-sama?"

 Edona's poker face crumbles slightly.

 No, it's not like that. These people are so rude, you're actually suspecting a gentleman like myself.

 "I'm going to use a magic trick to let Eris dance."

 "Eh! Is there a magic like that?"

 "No, it's a magic trick, not magic. It's a miraculous phenomenon."

 Eris tilts her head in question, but she listens to me and closes her eyes.

 During the sword lessons, she has seen countless rhythms, high speed, finely tuned, sharp, but there's no orderly rhythm.

 Since you can't make an accurate prediction, it's easy to disrupt the opponent's rhythm, and I definitely can't do that sort of whimsical natural rhythms.

 "I'll clap my hands now, please use your dance steps in place of evading an attack, and follow my lead."

 With that I clap with an orderly, pan~, pan~, pan~.

 Eris matches me step by step by moving her body.

 This continues for a while, and I added a noise in a random interval.

 "Haii! Haii!"

 The timing is before the clapping, and Eris slows down for a slight moment, and only reacts to the claps.

 "T, this is!"

 Edona raises her voice in surprise.

 Eris continues to do the dance steps, even though it's still a little fast, but it's not at a pace that cannot be followed.

 "You did it, you did it Ojou-sama!"

 "Really!?"

 Edona grasps her hands and expresses a rarely seen excited smile, shouting.

 Eris opens her eyes in delight and replies with a large smile plastered on her face.

 "You're not done yet, don't open your eyes, you need to remember that feeling okay?"

 "Remember what, it's just seeing through the false actions and avoiding the attacks!!"

 That's right, this is also taught in the sword lessons.

 In Ghyslaine's evading the attacks lesson, she will demonstrate a false movement with a noise, and we need to avoid the real attack without getting confused by the false movements.

 Compared to reacting Ghyslaine's false movements that's full of bloodlust, following my simple sound is much easier compared to that.

 Just to add on, on this topic my results are better than Eris.

 She's too honest and easy to fool with false movements.

 "Eris, the things you learn on a lesson, can be applied to other lessons. Sometimes if there are things that you can't do well, try thinking if other lessons have something similar, please think about this okay?"

 Eris opens her eyes wide, an unusual thing, but she doesn't argue and nods.

 With that, dancing should have no issues.

 "As expected of Rudeus-sama, you only spent 1 year and managed to teach Ojou-sama math."

 Edona seems to be certainly impressed with me.

 You actually said that, did you consider Eris learning math to be utterly hopeless?

 Hm, but I did receive a lot of trouble for that. Still, half of that success belongs to Ghyslaine and I can't be conceited.

 "I say, Edona, I think this is a revelation, the sword has similarities with dancing."

 Edona shows an expression of disbelief, I have seen a miracle, ohhh the god out there, you're actually in front of me right now with expression right? You're exaggerating too much.

 "But, there's a dance that specifically swing the sword."

 "Ara, is there something like that?"

 "Y, yes, I read it on a book."

 Sword Dance is a common thing in my Chuunibyou knowledge, but it's possible that this world doesn't have something like that.

 "Did that literature book write where it comes from?"

 "T, the book says it's seen in a desert country."

 "The desert…… Is it the Begaritto continent?"

 "I'm not sure. Unexpectedly, it might belong to the demon races in the demon continent. I heard there are many small tribes, and there are people who can use the sword and dance."

 I say something irresponsible.

 "I see, with such an accumulation of knowledge, Rudeus-sama is really a fountain of intelligence."

 Edona uses her poker face, seemingly accepting my made up stories.

 "That's right, Rudeus is amazing!"

 I don't know why Eris proudly replies that.

 That's great, praise me more.

 I'm the type that will improve if you praise me, fuhahahaha!

 Part 4

 On the day of the party, I take my position at the corner of the courtyard.

 At the beginning of the party, Philip and his wife are handling the visiting middle class and lower class nobles to the Greyrat's family.

 I should say that these two are fighting, no matter how it is they won't show any sign of weakness.

 In the case of Sauros receiving the guest, they are frightened by his wild attitude and loud voice, and there are quite a lot of people scuttling to escape.

 The final chance to catch the people escaping, is the place where the main actress is at.

 Eris has no authority, doesn't understand politics, and regardless of anything she will say "Please refer to Otou-sama".

 There are a few good looking youths introducing themselves, as well as middle aged people introducing their sons to her.

 There are a few children who are about the same age, but almost all of them are fat.

 They must be living in comfort at home, I feel like I'm seeing myself as I once was before.

 When I feel a sense of familiarity, the party starts.

 As planned, I'm Eris's first dance partner. We're going to do the simplest dance for children, but because she's the lead, we are standing right in the middle of the courtyard.

 Just treat it like it's during practice, hopefully we don't fail.

 "W… w… w… what the heck…!"

 Eris is extremely nervous and moves stiffly like a robot.

 I decide to mix slight feints into my steps. Afterwards, Eris quietly mumbles [what the heck.] And returns to her usual condition.

 After the dance is over, Edona finds me to speak with me.

 Looking at Ojou-sama from afar, one can see that she's not tense anymore.

 She asks me what I did, and I reply that I did the same thing during practice.

 I added that it is originally the training for the sword.

 Hearing that, the amazed Edona laughs secretly.

 Since my mission is accomplished, I can go out and seek food.

 There's some highly uncommon food here.

 Examples include an unknown fruit that's made into a sour pie, or a meat dish that uses the entire cow's head, and beautifully arranged cakes.

 When I was eating these food with relish, my eyes met with Ghyslaine.

 She was not hinting anything to me in her eyes, but she was drooling.

 I'm also a guy who can understand the situation.

 I packed some of the food with a napkin and had a maid send it to my room.

 The bodyguards and maids can eat something better than the usual fare, but there wouldn't be any food like what's here right now.

 When I am about to finish transporting the food, I suddenly spot a young adorable girl in front of my eyes.

 She took the initiative to talk with me, announcing her name and saying a small speech.

 She seemed to be a girl from the middle class nobles, but I forgot her name.

 She invited me to dance, and after I told her I only knew some basic dancing, we move to the free courtyard area.

 I felt that I danced pretty well.

 After the dance, another girl came up to me and asked for another dance.

 What the hey, am I popular?

 While I was self indulgent with that, the girls keep on inviting me one after another.

 There's even a Obaa-san who's over 30 years old, and even a kid smaller than me who doesn't even know how to dance.

 Other than the people with a really large difference in height, I basically danced with every one of them.

 I'm a Japanese person who knows how to say NO, but after saying OK to the first person, it's not convenient to refuse other people.

 Even though I have the mind to do it, but I'm not really good at remembering faces and names, and it is exhausting.

 When everything is about to end, Philip came over to me to explain.

 It seems that Sauros heard someone inquire about the identity of the youth who danced with Eris in the beginning, and Sauros proudly revealed that the youth was a person holding the name of Greyrat.

 Which means, it was all Jii-san Sauros' fault.

 Even though it's something like that, I can't blame him.

 That child who successfully squashed Ojou-sama's tension, is that Sauros-sama's illegitimate child?

 He must have felt happy when he was asked that.

 At first it was planned not to reveal my Greyrat's surname, but after 3 rounds of wine it can't be helped.

 This means I'm treated as a branch family member, where I will become famous sooner or later, and they send their daughters or granddaughters to me.

 But I asked Philip, if that's the case isn't it strange to send them when the party is about to end?

 He sees me packing the desserts with the napkins, and waits for me to finish before talking.

 Whatever I do is reflected in someone's eyes.

 I ask Philip on how to handle the girls who come up to talk, and he says that I can just vaguely respond to it.

 Looks like he doesn't want me to participate in politics in the future.

 Or is he planning to let me rely on someone else to become a political power.

 But I don't have any interest in that, so today's popularity is just a bubble dream.

 No wait, but if I become someone amazing, I can eat all kinds of cute girls using money.

 "But, I suggest you don't do anything that will disgrace the Greyrat's name."

 That sudden inspiration that I have is immediately doused by Philip's icy remark.

 The person who comes to find me last is Eris. To add on, she's not wearing the lively outfit like her usual self, it's a water-blue colored dress.

 Her hair is tied up with flower ornaments adorning her hair, and she's considerably adorable.

 Because it's the first party, guests after guests keep greeting her, and I think she's quite spent.

 I'm not sure if it's because the main actress is herself or because the party is very successful, she's a little excited.

 "May I have a dance?"

 In front of me isn't the usual Eris who's loud, unlady-like, cheeky, and rude.

 Inviting me to dance is someone who wouldn't lose to any of the girls who have approached me so far, and is acting out the part of a graceful lady.

 We come to the middle of the hall, and the music playing is something that we have never practiced before, with a slightly difficult, brisk rhythm to it.

 "Ahh, uuuu……"

 Eris immediately shows her discomfort. This is all because you forced yourself to act mature.

 Eris casts a glance at me to plead for help, and I add in feints that match the music.

 Even though it's different from usual, a rhythm like this should actually be easier for Eris.

 Since these dance steps are vague, I'm not sure if Edona will be surprised or angry when she sees it.

 We held our hands together, and step in and move back like we're practicing sword training.

 This is very irregular combined with the music, and it must be quite unique to the viewers.

 But, Eris is completely into it, and she smiles.

 The girl who constantly wore a sullen expression was laughing with an expression that matched her age.

 Just being able to see that made attending this party worth it.

 The dance ends and is followed by applause.

 Sauros comes running and lifts us both onto his shoulders, and merrily runs laps around the courtyard while laughing.

 What a spirited grandfather. Seeing that, the people around start laughing too.

 Yeah, this has been a fun party.

 Part 5

 When the party ended, I called Ghyslaine and Eris up to my room, actually calling Ghyslaine is enough, but when I invited her she's together with Eris, so I brought her along as well.

 Seeing there's delicious food on the table, Eris's stomach growls. She was nervous and excited during the party, so she didn't eat anything at all.

 I brought out the cheap wine that I bought from the city from the cupboard.

 Even though it's prepared for Ghyslaine, Eris says that she wants to drink it as well, so I prepared 3 cups, cheers.

 This country requires one to be above 15 years old before you can drink, but I'm going to put that aside today.

 Sometimes it's good to let loose.

 "The timing is just right, so I'm going to give the two of you gifts."

 I bring out two magic wands from the dresser beside the bed as I talk.

 "W-what is that?"

 "It's considered as a birthday gift I guess."

 "Ehh, but I want this!"

 Eris points towards the things that I practiced making using magic, using earth magic to create many intricate models.

 There's a dragon, ship, and one might say a 1/10 sized figurine of Sylphy placed there.

 Not to praise myself, when I was 20 years old back in the past, I was into making models, and even created my own coating paint.

 But the painting materials are expensive here, and there's no spray paint equipment to apply it.

 But since I did it with passion to create a panties for the model, the overall structure is quite detailed.

 Even though it's something like that, it's still done by an amateur…

 By the way, a 1/10 sized figurine of Roxy is sold to a merchant for 1 gold coin.

 She must be touring the world right now.

 Well, returning to the topic.

 "This is my shishou's custom of giving disciples a magic wand. But since I didn't know how to make it and I didn't have the money to buy the materials, so I'm a bit late with that. If it's acceptable please take it."

 Ghyslaine stops after hearing that, stands up and kneels down on one knee with respect.

 Ah, I know this, this is the pose of Sword-God style for showing respect to the teacher.

 "Yes! Rudeus-shishou. I receive this with much gratitude."

 "Umu, there's no need to be so formal."

 Ghyslaine accepts it with humble respect and looks at the magic wand, seemingly happy.

 "I can call myself a magician now."

 Ah, is that it, you can call yourself that now?

 I didn't hear Roxy talking about it, no, in any case you're still elementary ranked, you're not counted right.

 Or can you call yourself a magician if you start practicing magic?

 My shishou has never explained it to me in detail.

 "Erm, Eris do you want this?"

 I half jokingly bring the 1/10 Sylphy's figurine to my hand, but I see Eris shakes her head.

 "No! I want, that magic wand! I want that magic wand!"

 "Okay, here."

 Eris stretches her hand to take it, but perhaps because she saw Ghyslaine's attitude, she immediately corrects her posture, and receives the magic wand with both hands respectfully.

 "T, thank you very much, Rudeus-shishou."

 "Umu, please take good care of it.]"

 Eris glances at Ghyslaine next, and after Ghyslaine notice her glance she pauses for a few second blankly, then shakes her head.

 "I'm sorry, my race doesn't have a custom like that, and I didn't prepare anything."

 I was thinking of what it was, it's actually asking for presents. Come to think of it, this was happening when I was moving the food back.

 Ah, Eris sits back at the sofa with disappointment.

 The servant giving the owner presents, even though there's no custom like that, but receiving nothing from her favorite Ghyslaine-oneechan, she's indeed a little pitiable.

 Let me correct the situation a little.

 "Ghyslaine, there's no need to prepare something special, if there's anything on you, or a lucky charm that can be used as a present too."

 "Hmm."

 Ghyslaine thinks for a while and then removes a ring from her finger.

 A ring carved out from wood, with the signs of age on it, I'm not sure if there's any magic added to it or the material itself, there's a green light slightly emitting from it.

 "This is a charm that my tribe passed down, if you wear this it's said that you won't be attacked by evil wolves at night."

 "Are you really giving me that?"

 "Yes, it's just a superstition."

 Eris carefully receives it, wears it on her finger and hugs her hands tightly to her chest.

 "I, I'll take good care of it."

 She's even happier compared to receiving the magic wand from me, well, since it's a ring, girls, probably will like it more.

 At this time a question rises from me.

 "Superstition, huh? That means Ghyslaine has been attacked by evil wolves at night?"

 "Yes, that was a difficult night to fall into sleep, Paul invited me to swim……"

 "Aaah, it's best not to say anything else, I can guess what happens next."

 Not good, if this topic continues, my stock valuation will fall, damn this Paul, that wanker is always in my way.

 "Is that so, well, you probably won't want to listen about the things that your father did."

 "Isn't that right, here, go right ahead and eat. Even though it's already cold, enjoy the food. You're my students so there's no need to restrain yourself.]"

 Eris's memorable birthday passes by without incident.

 Part 6

 The second day I find Eris lying beside me.

 Wooah, I have become an adult, nooo (shy).

 …… How's that possible.

 Thinking back about it a little.

 She suddenly wanted to sleep, and collapsed in my bed in exhaustion.

 Seeing that, Ghyslaine said she should also go back, and in the end left Eris behind and returned to her own room.

 You're not a man if there's food in front of you and you still don't take it.

 Gehehehe, it's time to be a baaaad boy.

 I licked my lips in an evil manner and approached the edge of the bed.

 Then I saw Ghyslaine's ring being worn on her finger, and she's hugging the magic wand tightly that I gave; Eris' figure with a satisfied smile, sleeping away.

 The Big Bad Wolf with the despicable face had been drawn away.

 "That charm is really useful……"

 I mumbled without touching Eris one bit, and slept quietly on the edge of the bed.

 It's still quite early now, looking out of the window, the day is just about to break, but it's still very dark.

 I went outside to walk for a bit. Even though it's not bad to look at Eris's sleeping face, once she wakes up I'd get punched.

 I don't want to get beaten.

 I walked silently outside the room to the slightly cold corridor, pondering on where to go next.

 The mansion's main gate will not open until a certain time, so I can't go out and there are very few choices.

 I have basically searched everywhere for the past year, but there are some areas that I still don't know, for example, there's a tower isolated from the mansion.

 Even though I was told not to approach there, I'm still interested in it.

 Or perhaps, I might be able to receive something good, for example I might get someone's panties that has been dried by the wind.

 Thinking about the good stuff, I climbed up to the top of the mansion, after searching around at the top, I finally find a spiral staircase that pleased me.

 That's probably the entrance to the tower.

 As I climb up I hear something enticing like nyan, nyan voices, so I climb up without trying to make any sound.

 Sauros is at the highest level, in a room that I'm not sure can be entered, doing something very naughty with a Nekomimi maid.

 I see, so that's the reason why you don't allow people to come here…

 I wanted to enjoy things till the end, but Sauros discovers me.

 The maid has already discovered me from early on, after the maid finishes the business, she immediately passes by me and climbs down the staircase.

 "…… Is that Rudeus?"

 He's different from the usual voice, small and stable, sage mode?

 "Yes, Sauros-sama. Good morning."

 I just wanted to greet him with the noble's formalities, but Sauros's hand stops me.

 "No need, what are you doing here?"

 "Because I saw a ladder, so I wanted to climb up."

 "Do you like high places?"

 "Yes."

 Even though I say that, if I look out from the window, I'll tremble in my legs.

 Like and satisfaction is different, even if I conquer the world and make the highest tower, my room will be built on the first floor.

 "Come to think of it, what is Sauros-sama doing here?"

 "I'm praying to that gem."

 Ahh? This mansion's praying culture is quite decadent, I think to myself but I really don't mind that.

 He's usually so strict but he's also a Greyrat's member, birds of the same feather.

 "Gem?"

 I look outside the window, and there's a red gem floating in the air. It's pulsing with a faint light, and I can see some changes from inside.

 What's that, amazing. Is that floating in the air by magic?

 "May I know what is that?"

 "I'm not sure"

 Sauros shakes his head.

 "That was discovered 3 years ago, but, it's not something bad."

 "How can you be so certain?"

 "It's better to think that way."

 I see. That's true, since you can't grab a hold of it. If you think it's something bad, it's bad for the health. Why not think that it's something good and pray towards that, maybe gem-san's mood might turn for the better.

 Let me pray too, please drop a pretty girl from the skies.

 "Rudeus, I'm going to ride horse to travel for a while, do you want to come?"

 "I'll go too."

 Sauros's jii-san just did it once, but he seems quite spirited. Today's a free day, it seems I'm permitted to play for a while.

 Oh yeah! ………… Sounds like it will be very tiring.

 "Come to think of it."

 "What?"

 "Is Sauros-sama's wife not here?"

 I hear a gritting sound, and discover that Sauros is grinding his teeth, and I feel cold sweat on my back.

 "She's dead."

 "I see, I am very sorry for asking something like that."

 I apologize earnestly, he just did the birds and the bees with the Nekomimi maid, I might have made him remember something unhappy.

 Looks like it's best not to ask why Eris doesn't have any siblings.

 "Then, let's go."

 "Yes."

 Today will be a rest day, and I'll let Eris work hard from tomorrow onwards.

 --Status--

 Name: Eris Boreas Greyrat

 Profession: Granddaughter of the lord of Fedoa

 Personality: A little violent

 Talking to her: She will listen with attention

 Language: Able to read things almost perfectly

 Math: Remembers the multiplication tables up to 9*9

 Magic: Roughly knows the elementary rank

 Sword: Intermediate ranked in the Sword-God style

 Etiquette: Will not be embarrassed at a party

 The people she likes: Grandfather, Ghyslaine

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
