Volume 17  6 — Luke

Volume 17 Chapter 6 - Luke

 

 Part 1

 When I woke up, I was hugging Zanoba.

 Though I obviously wasn't homo.

 It was the result of having drunk too much last night.

 Yesterday's alcohol was good.

 I honestly thought in my previous life [What would I gain by drinking with guys?]

 But I was wrong.

 There was nothing more delicious and enjoyable than to drink alcohol with male friends.

 Anyway, we parted ways after we cleared our headaches with detoxification magic and sluggishly ate breakfast in the inn.

 The season now was summer.

 There was already no more snow.

 Very soon the beast-tribe's mating season will come.

 Since my Beast[animal]'s oestrus was all year round, the season didn't matter much.

 But as expected the surroundings were restless, I became restless as well.

 Roxy's stomach has already become big, so it was about time she took a break from school.

 Though deciding on the name of the child yet to be born was fun, in one month's time I would have to follow Ariel to the Asura Kingdom.

 By using the teleport magic circles I could probably return immediately, but it wasn't known exactly how many months we will spend there.

 I definitely didn't want to absent during the birth.

 Because in order to give birth to my child, she had to put up with 10 months of discomfort.

 Halfway through there was little I could do, feelings of gratitude and the like had to be expressed by actions.

 A child with Roxy.

 Was it a boy or a girl.

 Lucy was a girl, I wonder if a boy would be better this time.

 No, a boy or a girl, either was fine.

 Come to think of it, Eris said that she wanted a boy.

 In the previous world, how exactly was the gender determined again?

 If I remember right, I heard that doing something made it easier for boys or girls to be born.

 Using vinegar or something like that…

 I wonder if it was possible to control it with magic in this world.

 Whatever, either was fine.

 Whether it was a boy or a girl, it was fine to give it love in earnest when growing up.

 In the near future surely even Eris's one will be made.

 Rather the problem was whether Eris was going to behave herself during pregnancy.

 But even so, Eris has after all become a little impatient.

 During the middle of it, she confirmed it so many times, [This will have done it, right?] or [There was no mistake, right?].

 Though Eris's own sexual desires could be said to be strong, when seeing Lucy or the pregnant Roxy, she might be thinking that she got a late start.

 In the Asura Kingdom, to no small extent the perception was that to properly call yourself a wife, you had to give birth to children.

 I didn't know what Eris thought of that, but if bringing forth a child will make her relieved, then I wanted to allow her to feel relieved soon.

 Part 2

 While I was thinking about such things, I was now near the house.

 I didn't say yesterday that I was spending the night away from home, I guess they were going to be angry.

 No, it wasn't that strict of a home.

 But spending the night away or curfew, it was better to properly clarify such rules once again.

 In this world there's a kidnapping boom going on and I didn't know what Human God may do.

 Even Lucy was gradually becoming bigger recently, and also for the sake of the coming children.

 Yes, rules for the sake of children.

 "Hm?"

 Then I noticed that someone was in front of the house.

 The man was talking to someone in a somewhat loud voice.

 The voice of the other person couldn't be heard.

 When taking a long, hard look I understood who the man was.

 Possessing silky brown hair, looking like an ikemen.

 Rumored to be the most popular in the magic city Sharia.

 Luke Notus Greyrat.

 "…"

 I remembered Orsted's words and the diary.

 Orsted said that Human God could manipulate people.

 The diary had something like, Luke was manipulated by Human God and implicated Sylphy, written in it.

 The me in the diary possessed quite a strong persecution complex.

 But to implicate Ariel and Sylphy, it would be effective to manipulate Luke.

 Somehow, even Sylphy seems to trust Luke's words.

 In the fight against Human God, it was without a doubt very important to discover Human God's apostles and to ascertain their objectives.

 Thinking like that, I decided to wait and see for a little while.

 I lowered my waist, moved from shadow to shadow and continued shifting positions until I could hear his voice clearly.

 "Ah, to think such a wonderful person has come to this city! You are magnificently cute. These determined, beautiful eyes, the seemingly flowing hair. Truly an angel…no, it is as if a goddess of beauty has descended! I have fallen for thee when I first laid my eyes upon thee!

 I heard a voice that seemed to hurt my head.

 My head ached.

 Even I did not say such shabby things.

 But in this world such words were fine.

 When told such things, Sylphy would blush and laugh bashfully while saying [Even without such ardent seduction, I was already Rudi's, ehehe].

 "Ahem, I beg your pardon. I am very sorry for my delay. I am Luke Notus Greyrat. I am the second son of Notus Greyrat, of the Asura Kingdom's four feudal lords."

 …Assuming Luke was an apostle of Human God.

 The possibility was high that his enthusiasm regarding courting women was Human God's advice.

 After all Luke was not someone who never got the women.

 Sylphy seemed to have recognized Luke as someone who regarded women as the same as facial tissues.

 Or rather, who was he wooing.

 From the gate's shadow, the other person could not be seen.

 Of the ones inside who fitted the adjectival equivalent of angel best was Sylphy, but Luke would not woo Sylphy.

 The one who fitted the expression of goddess precisely was Roxy, but this also didn't match.

 Thus it was…Aisha?

 "If possible, would you not grant me your name please? Ah, of course it is not a problem if you do not wish to give your family name. But please, I wish to hear and engrave your beautiful name into my heart, at the very least as a comfort."

 While I didn't know who he was trying to coax, I needed to know the name of the other person.

 Exactly who was Luke trying to make his own.

 If that person was known, Human God's objective may be understood.

 …Well, that was only assuming that Luke was indeed Human God's apostle.

 The possibility that the simple-minded Luke fell in love at first sight and was just courting was not impossible.

 "Ah, thou will not tell me thy name. Then at the very least, please grant me the honor of giving a kiss to this beautiful hand. With only that, I…"

 Luke then lowered his waist and extended his hand towards the other person.

 In an instant Luke's head shook.

 He stopped moving.

 Something happened.

 But I didn't know what happened.

 Hitogami attack…?

 Maybe, right now, in this moment, he received a revelation from Human God.

 "…"

 But while I was thinking that, Luke went down to his knees and suddenly fell down with a thud.

 He was not even twitching.

 He has lost consciousness.

 What had happened.

 I felt like I knew this kind of scene.

 Shaking, falling down and losing consciousness…ugh, my head…

 "…Hmpf."

 Looking down at the fallen Luke, one woman came out of the entrance.

 She glanced at the fallen Luke and kicked the head of the fainted person with her tiptoes.

 It was Eris.

 Eris was the one who beat down Luke.

 "What's with him, suddenly appearing and talking about nonsense…"

 With a displeased face, Eris kicked and rolled Luke over to a place where he didn't get in the way of accessing the house.

 And then went back inside the house as if nothing has happened.

 I left the shadows and drew closer to Luke.

 He fell down and the white of his eyes could be seen.

 To hit on the wife of another person, I wonder if this guy had no morals.

 Ah no, come to think of it, I did report back to Ariel and Luke, but I didn't think I mentioned that I got married.

 It was the first meeting with Eris.

 But still, to think Luke would hit on Eris…

 So this guy was Human God's apostle after all.

 Or was this the influence of the original history.

 I couldn't come to a conclusion.

 "…"

 Regardless, it was bad to let him keep lying here, let's leave him inside the house.

 I will question him when he wakes up.

 Part 3

 "I'm back."

 "…"

 While carrying Luke, I entered the house and Eris came to welcome me.

 Though she made a happy face once she saw my face, but when seeing Luke her eyebrows frowned and she crossed her arms.

 "…That guy, was he an acquaintance?"

 "Ah, rather than mine, he was more like Sylphy's colleague."

 "I, I see…sorry, I hit him."

 Oho, somehow Eris was quite meek.

 "It's fine. Surely this guy must have said something strange."

 "He did."

 "Then this guy was the bad one."

 He laid his hand on my Eris, this guy did.

 But even if he was bad, for now I will lay him down.

 Hm, he'd be a hindrance in the living room…,let's throw him into an empty room on the first floor for now.

 "Hey, Rudeus."

 But I was stopped by Eris.

 "What is it, Eris?"

 "Does Rudeus also think about kissing my hand?"

 I looked at Eris's hand.

 It was a rough hand, full of sword calluses.

 It was a good hand that suited Eris.

 "Rather than that, I want to eat it up."

 Saying that, my stomach got hit by Eris.

 There was not much power in it, but it was a precise liver blow.

 "That sort of thing, is only at night."

 With a flushed face, Eris went back to the living room.

 I see, I see, so today was Eris's day.

 I'm looking forward to it.

 "Ah right, where are the others? Did everyone go out?"

 "They are still asleep, because we stayed up late yesterday!"

 What's this, stayed up late.

 A party without me?

 So one worth to leave someone out?

 …So during the time I was walking the flowery path of man to man, a meeting of woman to woman was held.

 I hope they didn't badmouth each other so…

 "Ah, Onii-chan, welcome backー"

 Then Aisha came out of the kitchen.

 "Who is that…it's Luke-sama. What happened?"

 "Aisha. It's fine to not use -sama for Luke."

 "But Norn-ane said that if you didn't call Luke as Luke-sama, the female senpais would get angry."

 "You serious."

 So there were such agreements.

 But to think they made such strange rules in the school.

 And then they'd bully the ones who didn't uphold that.

 Norn was giving it her all to not get bullied.

 …It couldn't be that the person Norn liked was Luke, right.

 Onii-chan won't allow that, you know?

 "Ah right, hear me out Onii-chan. Everyone is terrible. After I went to bed, everyone was drinking alcohol and being noisy."

 "Ah, so you didn't participate in that."

 "I was sleeping together with Leo…ah, and also listen to this, Onii-chan. While I was sleeping with Leo and when morning came I thought it was somewhat chilly, Leo wet the bed. When I scolded him, he was whimpering, whimpering you know. Even though Leo looks grown up, he's still a child."

 Aisha seemed to enjoy every day.

 As I carried Luke to an empty room, I decided to listen to Aisha's story.

 I felt like I didn't hold that many conversations with her.

 No, that couldn't have been.

 "Then, what happened next? Did you wash it?"

 "Of course. Ah, then Eris-ane helped me out. Because I had that experience myself, she would keep silent. She didn't believe me when I tried explaining that I didn't do it. Onii-chan should also explain it. In addition, I have never wet the bed in my whole life…"

 "I see, I see."

 While talking with Aisha, we moved to the living room.

 There was nothing better than Eris getting familiar with us.

 Part 4

 Before Luke woke up, I went to take a look at the condition of Sylphy and the others.

 Leo was sitting at the stairs of the second floor in a good manner.

 He was making a well-defined face, good enough that you wouldn't think he had wet the bed.

 I took a look at the rooms.

 With the clothes scattered all over the place, Roxy's room was empty.

 When I saw that Jirou was also gone, she must have already gone to school.

 Come to think of it, was Roxy also drinking alcohol?

 Although in this world there was detoxification magic, I wondered about pregnant women drinking alcohol.

 I was a little worried.

 Sylphy was sleeping in her own room.

 For some reason together with Elinalize.

 It seemed that last night Elinalize came to our house.

 She probably had time to spare because Cliff wasn't at home.

 Anyway, waking them up would be bad, I quietly closed the door.

 Lilia and Zenith were also sleeping.

 Zenith was sleeping like a child, rolled up like a ball, and Lilia was sleeping right next to her.

 Because there was still the smell of alcohol lingering a little bit, it seemed both of them were also drinking yesterday.

 Normally these two wouldn't drink alcohol, I wonder if the drinking bout was that pleasant.

 For a moment I felt the urge to crawl into that bed, but I went back downstairs for now.

 When taking a peek into the living room, Eris was dandling Lucy.

 Lucy was standing on the sofa and tried to catch Eris's hand, while Eris was supporting her with a nervous look.

 After witnessing such a heart-warming scene, I returned to the empty room.

 Luke had already opened his eyes.

 "I saw a dream. A dream about an angel with red hair. A beautiful angel, and although she was lovely, you could also feel her strength. She was indeed my ideal angel and when I tried giving her hand a kiss, I woke up."

 Luke's upper body revitalized, and he was repeatedly mumbling something I didn't understand.

 Surely some brain damage must be still remaining when he was hit by Eris.

 No, he said something about an angel from before he was hit.

 "Please calm down, Luke-senpai. There was no angel with red hair."

 "Ah…Rudeus…"

 Luke looked at me with an absent-minded face.

 "Why was Rudeus here. Hm, here was…inside Rudeus' house? Just now, at the entrance, an angel, was?"

 Memory disorder.

 While he lost his memories, the feeling that he met Human God was…not there.

 "Aahh!"

 Luke cried out when he looked behind me.

 Looking back, Eris was there.

 She was taking a peek inside from the door, that was left open.

 "Hmpf!"

 When taking a glance at Luke, she made one snort and returned to the living room.

 I wonder if she was worried for the time being.

 It couldn't be that Eris became interested in Luke, right…?

 The alarm bells of my inner maiden Deus sounded, but it was all right, right?

 "Ah, please wait, your name, please let me hear your name! While at it, also your address and what flower you like! And the type of men you like!"

 "Please calm down, Luke-senpai. Her address is here."

 I held back Luke, who tried to jump out of the bed.

 Luke grasped my shoulders, got closer and said with a desperate face.

 "Rudeus, the fact that she was in your house means that she was your acquaintance, right!? Tell me, exactly who was she?"

 "She is Eris Greyrat. She is the woman, who became my wife just the other day."

 "Wha…a wife…"

 Luke froze.

 "Then she is your…woman?"

 "Eh, that could be said so."

 It might have been more accurate to say that I was her man.

 "Is that so…"

 "I'm sorry."

 When I apologized on reflex, Luke was puzzled.

 "Why are you apologizing? This would be [First-come, first-serve]."

 "Well, that may be true."

 This may be because I heard Orsted's story, but somehow there was a sense of guilt.

 The history, where Luke and Eris should have been together.

 There was a feeling like I received home deliveries that I shouldn't have gotten, but still arrived at my place.

 No, even so it doesn't change the fact that I became Eris's home tutor, traveled through the magic continent together and had our first times together.

 As I worried, Luke let out a sigh.

 "It was often the case that multiple men fall in love with one good woman. It was also often the case that multiple women fall in love with one good man."

 He suddenly began talking.

 "Men would keep as many women as they could handle. But there was no reverse. God didn't create humans that way. After all, a man could teach multiple women at the same time, but women could only make a child with one man at a time. Among some demon races, there seemed to be women who could make children with multiple men at the same time, but human race wasn't like that."

 Well, it was a rather man-orientated way of thinking.

 Though I thought that the opposite could also exist.

 A single woman with multiple men, it was a reverse harem.

 "And then good women go to the sides of men who possess the most capabilities. You possess strength, money, position and honor. I can completely relate why Eris-san, who is like an angel, would go to your side. That's why…"

 Luke, who was talking up until now, shook his head.

 "No, that's not it. I didn't come here to talk about something like that."

 And he let out a big sigh.

 "Today I came to ask you for one favor."

 "Hoo."

 I sat straight up on the chair.

 Part 5

 Contact at this time, this timing.

 Human God's apostle.

 A change in history.

 There was no way this wasn't related.

 Now, what kind of favor will you ask for.

 Something that will lead to my downfall.

 Otherwise, to now allow Ariel to become queen, Human God's first strike.

 "With us…will you not consider working together with princess Ariel?"

 Hearing those words, I couldn't help but be confused.

 What do you mean.

 You will let me cooperate?

 Not the opposite?

 "Your magic skill and your conversation ability, allowing you to deepen friendship with people that are hard to deal with. Surviving a fight with the Dragon God, as well as enough combat ability to be welcomed as a subordinate. They are something frightening."

 I felt a little itchy from being praised that much.

 "But if we involve you, Sylphy's happiness will be destroyed."

 Luke hesitated, then looked up.

 "That's why, it can't be said now that you haven't actively cooperated with us that much. I, and also Ariel-sama, don't wish to involve Sylphy any further in the dispute of the Asura Kingdom."

 I believe that was said before.

 It was during the time I dueled Luke.

 "But…"

 Luke looked down.

 The pose of an ikemen's shadow.

 It seemed that somehow women would suddenly be deceived by it.

 "Ariel-sama has given up on persuading Perugius-sama."

 "Well, given the situation, I suppose so."

 "Over these 6 years, by promoting ourselves in the Three Great Magic Nations, we have managed to win over many nobles and technicians. Among them are nobles from the Asura Kingdom and those who possess great political power in the country, but…it's not enough for a decisive blow. After all, they are people who are outside of the Asura Kingdom."

 "Hm…"

 "But, Perugius-sama is a person, who could become that decisive blow. He possesses overwhelming political power, forcefulness of speech and combat ability in the Asura Kingdom. If that patch existed, Ariel's path to become queen would make a great leap forward. Of course, it could still not be said with certainty…"

 Luke was serious.

 At the least I could not feel that he was deceiving or telling lies.

 A necessary person that was needed in order to make Ariel queen, Perugius was thought of highly.

 "However, originally it was a plan that came down. Even without Perugius-sama, we believe that we can manage one way or the other. The time of preparation would take a few years more…But even so, I believe that the chance of victory was still there."

 I wasn't so sure about those words.

 According to Orsted's story, the news that the king fell ill should still take 20 days.

 If you had heard Human God's advice beforehand, I think the words [Just a few more years] wouldn't have been said.

 "And then…I want you to lend me your strength, in order to become the decisive strength to ensure our chance to win."

 "…I have absolutely no understanding of politics? There's also the possibility that I won't be useful for anything."

 "You are a man of a much larger caliber than we thought. I'm sure that just by being yourself, you will become an appropriate strength."

 "I'm not that great of a person in particular."

 "Even without being someone great, your military power is dependable and you have personal connections. Perugius-sama, Dragon God, Demon Lord, a foreign prince, the grandson of Holy Milis Pope, Dorudia tribe, Silent Seven Star. Just your personal connections as an individual is quite something. I won't ask to allow us to use those personal connections. But, a person with those personal connections possesses 'something'. I want that 'something', no matter how small, to turn towards Ariel-sama."

 "…"

 Thinking that there was something lying underneath all those words of praise, was probably because my association with Luke was rather shallow.

 But still, which way was it.

 Was Luke an apostle of Human God or not.

 There were also Orsted's instructions, so even without Luke asking for a favor, I intended to support Ariel.

 But was it within Human God's expectation or not…

 …For now, should I see how he reacted?

 "Was that…on whose instructions?"

 "Instructions…? No, it is not Ariel-sama's will."

 "…Were you given advice by someone else?"

 "It was on my own judgement."

 "Does the name Human God sound familiar?

 "Human God…I heard it at Perugius-sama's place, what is that?"

 Well, supposing he was Human God's apostle, he wouldn't honestly answer me.

 During my time I didn't say a word to anyone…

 I wrote it down in the back of my head that Luke had a mysterious face.

 "Indeed, it may sound contradicting. We also want Sylphy to be happy. If we involve her in the dispute of the Asura Kingdom, that happiness will be destroyed. If treated as a insurgent by the Asura Kingdom, even the Three Great Magic Nations will probably not offer protection."

 That was also scary for me.

 In the diary, Zanoba was killed by the Holy Milis country.

 To make an enemy out of a country means you didn't know what they might do.

 I was certain that I would be able to fight all right.

 If I hit them seriously with magic, I could annihilate a rather great number of enemies at once.

 If the magic armor's repairs are finished, to a certain degree I would be able to overwhelm them in close combat.

 Even Orsted said that he didn't intend to go all-out.

 On the other hand.

 It would be all right to be hostile if you can win in a head-on fight, that was the logic of children.

 There were idiots, who would challenge a wrestler to a fight with empty hands.

 Being stabbed in the back with a knife, being poisoned or otherwise use money to apply pressure.

 If you couldn't defeat someone by using force, it was fine to win by ways other than force.

 The me in the diary was strongly linked with the country and had self-protection.

 Fortunately I wasn't chased by the Asura Kingdom, but when asked by Milis to hand me over, they were told [No], because to an extent I was useful to the country.

 I wonder how it will turn out this time.

 Because Leo was here, I wonder if they will refrain from laying their hands on us, because other countries feared their relationship with the Beast race would deteriorate.

 I wonder to what extent Leo will protect my family.

 Orsted said that it would be fine if I had a guardian magical beast.

 He said something along the lines of letting a guardian magical beast with a strong fate try to protect them, my family would be protected.

 But I still wonder if just one dog would really be all right…

 "…But if it's you. I think that even if we involve you, who has the backing of the Dragon God, wouldn't you be able to keep Sylphy happy."

 I wonder about that.

 Orsted had weak influence in various places.

 Even though all people living in this world knew of the existence of the Seven Great Major Powers, they didn't seem to completely understand exactly how strong or amazing they were.

 "Even if I have the backing of the Dragon God, there still exists personal danger to my life."

 "…Well, that's true."

 Luke said in a single breath.

 He looked straight into my eyes.

 "That's why, right now, this is nothing but an appearance for appearance's sake. I want to make Ariel-sama queen, even if Sylphy's happiness will be destroyed."

 Luke was staring at me with glaring eyes.

 I received his gazes without averting my eyes.

 Strangely enough, I didn't think of it as unpleasant that Sylphy was slighted.

 Luke's eyes might have been unexpectedly strong.

 From the strength of his glinting eyes, that was enough to make you think that to achieve his objective he would throw everything away, I could feel a sense of ghastliness that reminded me of Ruijerd.

 "I ask of you, will you not lend Ariel-sama your strength?"

 Since there wasn't a talk about what would be awarded if Ariel became the queen of the Asura Kingdom, it was probably because this talk was not through Ariel, but based on his own judgement.

 That's why it was [Ask of you].

 "…"

 Thinking back.

 For example, even when I was manipulated by Human God, I was still myself.

 On top of receiving advice, I also desperately thought to go towards a better direction.

 Luke might be the same.

 In his own way, Luke might be frantically giving his all.

 Thinking about it, I do want to lend them my strength by all means…

 But what I'm fighting against is neither the Asura Kingdom nor Ariel.

 It was Human God.

 If I went to Ariel's side, there was the possibility that it was according to the expectations of Human God, and in that case, I must definitely consult with Orsted.

 "Let me consult with my surroundings for a bit."

 Having said so, Luke made an expression as if he wanted to cry and laugh for an instant.

 He must have thought he would be refused.

 And then he slowly stood up.

 "…Understood. I'm sorry about it, saying something impossible."

 "No, the official answer will be at a later date. I will definitely give a reply."

 With his shoulders dropping, Luke left the room.

 I followed him to send him off.

 From the small room, passing through the corridor to the entrance.

 On the way I looked up the stairs to see Leo, whose position hadn't really changed much since earlier.

 Sitting at the stairs of the second floor and making a small growl, as if saying you wouldn't be allowed to pass here.

 As expected, Luke was black.

 Though I didn't know if Leo's sense of smell could discern whether or not someone was Human God's apostle.

 "Ah…"

 Probably because she heard the growl, Eris's face appeared from the living room.

 When Luke saw her, he promptly placed his hand on his chest and made an elegant bow.

 "Madam, even if I didn't know, please forgive me for earlier. May the day come when we meet again."

 "…"

 Eris grasped the end of her skirt and intended to lift them, but noticed she wore trousers, made an awkward face and crossed her arms.

 "Next time, I will properly provide hospitality for a guest!"

 "Thank you very much, now then, please excuse me."

 But at that moment.

 "Fuah…Eris, everyone is still sleeping, don't let out such a loud voice."

 Just then Sylphy came down from the second floor.

 Looking sleepy, she stopped moving when she saw the figures of Luke and me.

 "Ah, welcome back Rudi…ah? Luke has come. What's wrong? Did something happen to Ariel-sama?"

 "…I just dropped by, because of some small matter."

 "Hm…Well, take your time. Do you want to have some tea?"

 "No thanks, I was just about to return."

 "I see. I will also go back in a short while, until then please take care of Ariel-sama."

 "Sure."

 Luke made a lonely laugh, then left my house.

 Sylphy and I were seeing him off until he left the entrance.

 Luke's back gave off a sorrowful feeling, like a tired salary man.

 "…"

 Something has started to move.

 My heart felt such a premonition.

 Preparation time was already over.

 Speaking of what was done, the guardian magical beast Leo was summoned and I asked Cliff to solve Orsted's curse.

 What was done was little, the feeling that there was a lack of preparation couldn't be denied…At the very least, let's say that I will go with fighting spirit.

 While thinking like that, I decided to call forth Orsted.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
