Volume 17  7 — Make Your Decision

Volume 17 Chapter 7 - Make Your Decision

 

 Part 1

 Using the said ring to call Orsted, a letter came telling me to come to the hut in the suburbs.

 Surprisingly, he seemed to be nearby.

 In that case, it would have been fine to call me directly…

 Regardless, I went to the hut in the suburbs as I was told to.

 Orsted was waiting, with his arms crossed, his pose was as if he were asleep.

 His waiting pose was as if it embodied the word waiting.

 Somehow I had the feeling of being sorry to have made him wait.

 "I'm late."

 "No, I've just come."

 Our greeting was like a couple, who have just started going out with each other.

 After I greeted him, I told him everything about what happened this one week.

 First was about Leo, who became a guardian magical beast.

 It looked like there were no problems with this.

 Rather, he was surprised that such a big shot came out.

 Because the Holy Beast was summoned, the safety of my family was guaranteed, it was a sealed deal.

 The Holy Beast seems to have been such a significant existence.

 Impressed, he whispered in a small voice [As I thought, Roxy's child was special].

 After being told that your own child was something special, I smiled a bit.

 I also told him about asking Cliff to solve his curse.

 Orsted also gave me his approval regarding this.

 Every once in a while, Cliff will come to this hut to develop a magic tool for Orsted's curse.

 While I didn't know whether results would come out, with the curse still remaining, I told him about the pose I will assume, [I'm forced to follow Orsted, because he took my family as hostages].

 While Orsted's expression did not change, he let out [I see] and gave me his approval.

 I received quite a scolding, because I had no contact with Ariel over these last ten days.

 That I was worried about Eris and Leo, as well as that I intended to wait for the right timing to introduce Ghyslaine, using that as an excuse to get in contact, sounded like nothing but excuses.

 Because there was a one month postponement, I seemed to have taken it too lightly.

 I will admit that I was careless.

 During the time I had been careless, Orsted seems to have visited Perugius in person one time.

 Though he asked him for cooperation to make Ariel queen, it looked like he was refused.

 In a stubborn attitude, Perugius said that until he ascertained that Ariel was worthy of becoming queen, he himself won't move.

 Amazing, Perugius-sama.

 Although he should have been quite scared of Orsted, to think he would clearly refuse him.

 I admired him a little bit.

 But, leaving that aside.

 I also talked about, how during the time, Luke came to my house to make contact with me.

 That Luke came to ask for support.

 The possibility that Luke was Human God's apostle.

 About how he uneasily asked for me to support Ariel.

 Considering these three matters, when I asked whether there were any changes regarding our future actions, Orsted replied decisively.

 "There are no changes regarding our objective to make Ariel queen."

 The theory that making Ariel queen was within Human God's expectation was denied.

 It looked like it was very important to Orsted for Ariel to become queen.

 But Orsted was in thoughts regarding how to deal with Luke.

 When he was thinking for a few minutes, he suddenly said.

 "I guess, kill Luke…"

 I was astonished.

 Suddenly very dangerous words were muttered.

 "Are we going to kill him?"

 "…"

 Orsted was making a scary face.

 No, it wasn't scary.

 It was his default one.

 With that face, he pulled in his chin while thinking and was glaring at one point on the table.

 …Scary.

 "I do not know what Human God's apostles will do."

 "…Is, that so."

 Kill Luke.

 Regarding those words, even though I should have been prepared, I felt a little uneasy.

 Killing Luke, who so desperately thought about Ariel.

 One way or another, I have not killed people from this world.

 While there may be some who I have indirectly killed, but I have not laid my hands on anyone.

 And the first one is going to be Luke.

 The first murder is going to be an acquaintance.

 Thinking that way, it became a feeling beyond description.

 But at the same time there was a feeling like [Well, it couldn't be helped].

 Becoming my enemy, and if you were going to become a danger, then it would be better to kill him.

 I could not allow losing myself in momentary feelings and then be caught in a predicament.

 It was that kind of feeling.

 But still, I wonder if it was acceptable to kill people, just because it couldn't be helped.

 I did not intend to worry about morals regarding murder.

 But regardless, there was still some reluctance.

 About murdering people, I was much more evasive in that regard than I thought.

 "But still, it was not decided yet that he is Human God's apostle, right?"

 Though they were words filled with hope, Orsted shook his head.

 "No, if he called you out with such a timing, it is certain."

 "Timing, that is to say?"

 Hearing that, Orsted nodded deeply.

 "Neither have the negotiations with Perugius completely broken down, nor has the information regarding the King's illness arrived yet. In that situation, he called out to you. I can completely see through Human God's intentions."

 The tone of the last words Orsted uttered, were indeed filled with hate.

 As expected, Orsted held animosity towards Human God.

 "…If so, why did he say to cooperate with Ariel. Shouldn't it be the other way around? If he didn't wish for Ariel to become queen, it would have been better to keep me away."

 "The objective is to control someone in the Asura Kingdom and make you fall in a trap. Human God right now cannot see your figure. Thus he is using Luke. He intends to observe your actions similar to listening to sounds through a wall."

 "So Luke is a spy."

 "A miserable spy is a possibility. When thinking about the risk of something happening while traveling, it would be better to leave out Luke."

 The possibility that my actions and conduct will give away Orsted's objective.

 Taking these into consideration, it was indeed better if there was no spy.

 It would be difficult to guide Ariel and the others, while hiding important matters only from Luke.

 "But, killing Luke…wouldn't that for example have some influence on Ariel-sama or other people?

 "…What do you mean?"

 I took the talk from a few days ago into consideration.

 It was about the issues that would follow after killing Luke.

 "Derrick Redbat, was it? The one who should have become the prime minister in the original history. Right now, he no longer exists. Thus the possibility exists that Ariel emotionally relied on Luke."

 If Luke was killed, Ariel would be alone.

 Well, there were still her servants and Sylphy…

 It indeed felt like Luke's portion was the biggest one.

 It wasn't love or affection…it was rather close to the feeling between Zanoba, Cliff and me.

 They were guys, who no matter what happened, would never betray me.

 "When making Luke into his apostle, Human God may have already taken into consideration that it would be found out, and is either daring Orsted-sama or me to try and kill Luke."

 If Luke died, there was no knowing what would become of Ariel.

 People are weak.

 They may look strong, but there were also times when they suddenly turn useless.

 I knew many cases, who became like that.

 If she was manipulated as a puppet, that was still fine…

 As I thought so, I read Orsted's facial expression.

 "…That possibility also exists. To the Ariel I knew, Luke was also a useful person. If he wasn't there, Ariel may not have managed to become queen."

 It seemed that Orsted was troubled if Ariel became a good-for-nothing puppet.

 "Perhaps, for now, it would be better to let Luke go free."

 Of course there was also a feeling of not wanting to kill.

 Luke was also Sylphy's close friend.

 And he was also my cousin for the time being.

 The relation may be weak, but he wasn't someone I wished to see dead.

 But at best they were just words, regarding my own feelings, the part where I shirked from killing people was strong.

 Maybe taking that into consideration, Orsted quietly replied.

 "That's true, let us do it this way."

 "Yes."

 When it comes down to it, there may be a need to kill Luke in the end.

 If I killed him, I wonder if Sylphy will resent me.

 I wonder if she force a divorce.

 Just thinking about it, my stomach hurt.

 But if it came down to killing him no matter what…I will be prepared for it.

 For now, this was enough regarding the matter about Luke.

 "You have told me before that Human God cannot manipulate a great number of people, right?"

 I dug deeper into the matters I wanted to hear.

 "That is, exactly up to how many people can he manipulate?"

 Previously, Orsted once said that Human God [Could not manipulate a great number of people at the same time].

 In other words, doesn't it mean that he could manipulate more than one person at the same time.

 "It is not certain, but in the past I once fought against three apostles at the same time. Thus, it is probably up to three people."

 Three people.

 It was surprisingly few.

 "The possibility that the number of people he was manipulating beyond that?"

 "Only three people were prepared to kill me and there were no direct attacks afterwards. Thus, it was fine to think up to three people."

 "Who were you fighting against?"

 "They were the Sword God, North God and a Demon Lord."

 Orsted has killed them in return.

 Two in the Seven Great Major Power class, and a Demon Lord.

 Even after he amassed such war potential, they were unable to eliminate him, Human God could only give up.

 Honestly, if something like that was sent I would stand no chance…well, I intended to do what I could.

 Just like in my case, he would have to spend a long time to change fate.

 Human God seemed to like PythagoraSwitch.

 "I just wonder why it is up to three people…"

 "That is because that was the limit of that guy's future sight ability."

 "So although he can see the future of three people at the same time, any more was impossible?"

 "That is right."

 So in other words, if he didn't use his future sight, it was possible that he could manipulate four people.

 No, it was unlikely for him to gamble on humans without using cheatfuture sight.

 Basically, it was fine to think that they could not increase to more than three people.

 Based on that assumption, let's confirm regarding this time's case.

 "Assuming Luke is one, so there are two more."

 "Though it is not certain that there are three people manipulated at the same time."

 "That is true. But I think the possibility that there is going to be at least one in the Asura kingdom is high, how about it."

 "Why do you think so?"

 "If Human God doesn't want Ariel to become queen, wouldn't it be a good plan to manipulate the people hostile towards Ariel as well as the ones near her, doing something like selling information?"

 "Even without doing something like that, Human God could…no, there is meaning in telling the others about your actions."

 Orsted nodded, convinced.

 Well, when thinking it through, Human God could read people's minds, so there was no need to do something like selling information.

 Enough was already told from Ariel's progress, who became unsteady because of me.

 "There is also the possibility that in some completely different place, he is doing something. For example, like attacking my family while I am away.

 "Since the Holy Beast became the guardian magical beast, even Human God cannot lay his hand on them that easily. That beast holds that much power."

 "More than Arumanfi?"

 "It cannot be compared to Perugius's created spirits."

 Just by looking at the dog, who wet the bed, those words were hard to believe…

 However, since it was Orsted who said it, it will surely be all right.

 Regardless, there was no way to confirm it.

 "Anyway, just like how you expected it, Human God has one apostle in the Asura kingdom."

 "Uncovering that person will be the key in the fight against Human God, right."

 "That will be so. I do not know the last person. Though it is possible that he is moving on a completely different matter than ours…do not loosen your guard."

 In order to achieve our objective, in the fight against Human God we had to ascertain the three apostles and defeat them.

 I guess it will become something like a repetition.

 On this occasion, it was to make Ariel queen.

 Luke was one apostle (high possibility).

 The second and third person were unknown.

 "Is there a person, who can be said to not be an apostle with certainty?"

 Even if it was useless, I still asked.

 Regardless of who becomes an apostle, there was no change in what had to be done.

 But still, if Zanoba or Cliff became apostles and it becomes where there was no choice but to kill them…

 I will most likely become lost in what I have to do.

 "Your family is safe. In addition to the bracelet, there is also the guardian magical beast's influence."

 "Cliff and Zanoba are…?"

 "…There is a possibility for them, be careful."

 You serious.

 I don't want that…

 "By any means, isn't there a method for them to not be manipulated?"

 "There is no such thing. If necessary, you can warn them about following the advice of whoever calls himself Human God. Though I think it would be useless…"

 Useless. Is that so.

 This is unfortunate.

 Well, it is a question of possibility.

 Even Human God wasn't manipulating just about anyone.

 Zanoba and Cliff were not targets…let's pray so. Any god apart from Human God.

 "In the meantime, for Ariel to become queen, I will request Perugius's cooperation. This course is fine?"

 "Aah. Do not be neglectful of Human God's apostles."

 "Yes."

 For now, the course of action remains unchanged.

 Let's put effort into contacting Ariel this time.

 Part 2

 In the end, magic items were lent out by Orsted.

 They were a loan.

 Though Orsted said that he would give them to me, I decided that it would be advisable to treat the equipment as a loan.

 What was lent out was the promised robe.

 The color was of the robe was grey even though I didn't ask for it.

 It was close to the grey color similar to what I used to dress in until now.

 "This robe is something that the Great Sage Titiana wore 1000 years ago. The material makes use of the Death Adder Rat's skin and was sewn together using a thread imbued with magic. It has considerable magic resistance and is highly blade proof. This is also a magic item that has been in a labyrinth for a long time and when wearing it, the weight of the wearer is reduced by half and it is possible to move like the wind. For you who cannot wear fighting spirit, it suits you well."

 So was Orsted's explanation.

 When listening to the story, it sounded like it was amazing.

 "Are you interested in how much it is worth?"

 "Over these few days I have brought them over from the dragon tribe's vault. If sold, it would be worthless in its own way…this is to protect yourself. Use it by wearing it."

 These words stabbed me like a nail.

 What was the dragon tribe's vault like.

 Was it overflowing with items like this…

 Surely it was.

 Like boots when opening a treasure chest or like a wrapper found in a hidden door.

 For now, with this robe the fighting power would rise.

 There was a big difference when comparing it with the magic armor…

 Let's make up the difference with courage and wisdom…

 Though I had neither…

 Hm, let's give it my all.

 Part 3

 On that night.

 I called Sylphy to the bedroom.

 If I were to support Ariel, then I had to first talk it through with her.

 As if she had guessed from my serious expression, she didn't change into nightwear but entered the room wearing day clothes.

 If we were having a serious talk, it would be fine with those.

 "Then, Rudi. Wanting to talk, what is it about?"

 I heard that while Sylphy was making a strongly alerted expression.

 "Sylphy. I will be straightforward."

 "Mm."

 "It was decided that I will provide help to make Ariel-sama queen."

 Hearing those words, for a moment Sylphy made a puzzled expression.

 She then laughed happily, but made a puzzled expression again.

 "Decided?"

 "Ah."

 "In other words, it isn't Rudi's will?"

 "It was Orsted's order."

 After saying that, Sylphy's complexion clearly changed.

 As I thought, it would have been better to not have mentioned Orsted.

 No, the other way, maybe I should tell everything.

 That depending on the situation, there was the possibility of killing Luke.

 But should that be said?

 The possibility is at an early stage.

 When hearing that, what would Sylphy think?

 Wouldn't she recognize Orsted as an enemy after all?

 While I was hesitating, Sylphy said.

 "What do you think is the objective of Orsted by making Ariel-sama queen? Doing something like that, is there some benefit for Orsted?"

 "Through me, he can make a connection to the Asura Kingdom. It looks like there was nothing in particular he wanted to receive right now, but there seems to be something he wants help with."

 "But it's the Dragon God? He is someone who can beat up Rudi when equipped with the magic armor? Even if Asura Kingdom was the world's strongest country, would he want to enter a partnership with it?"

 "Authority is something that can resolve things that brute force cannot. Even Orsted would want that. To use it someday."

 This time's case was a strategic move.

 Making Ariel into queen would pay off in the future 100 years from now.

 Though I said that, it was difficult to explain.

 Orsted knew the rough history.

 Following that history, I didn't know how Orsted would use Ariel's existence, or whether he would use her at all.

 From what I understood from the diary, at the very least it was unfavorable for Human God to have Ariel become Queen.

 He wanted to prevent that.

 When the harassing side was strong, not allowing what your opponent wanted to do was one way of fighting.

 For Orsted, it had a great meaning.

 But there wasn't much of a meaning for me.

 By helping Ariel become queen, there was no doubt that I will be affiliated with Ariel's faction.

 And then I will be dragged into the muddle amongst nobles.

 There was demerit.

 To be honest, I didn't think there was much to gain from balancing [Asura Kingdom's connection] with that demerit.

 According to my own feelings, I didn't want to help Ariel.

 But let's be positive this time.

 Ariel becomes queen, Ariel banzai.

 When her best friend achieves her objective, Sylphy banzai.

 Hampering Human God's purpose, Orsted banzai.

 Sylphy will fall in love with me again, Orsted will make sure that I am a useful guy.

 All right, it was full of merit.

 "Well, even if Orsted is plotting something, it shouldn't be a bad subject for Ariel."

 "Hm…well, that's true. There were many bad people in the Asura Kingdom, when thinking about having bad people clash with bad people, it may be a good idea."

 Sylphy was bitter.

 I wonder how Orsted is reflected in her eyes.

 In my eyes he looked like quite a bad person, but I wonder if it looked like it was even worse.

 I wonder if he looked like someone who would kill the other person who bumped into him.

 Well, I couldn't refute that.

 "It is up to Ariel-sama to decide whether or not to accept Orsted's assistance…"

 Sylphy narrowed her eyes when saying so.

 "As for me, I want a guarantee that Orsted will not betray us."

 "A guarantee."

 "That's right. Why is Rudi thinking that Orsted won't betray us?"

 It wasn't like I was thinking he isn't going to betray us.

 In fact, it looked like he was still hiding something.

 But when compared to Human God, I believe him.

 When calling him, he will come immediately.

 "I don't think he won't betray us. But Orsted's correspondence was sincere. He will not turn into an enemy if I continue showing him no hostility and prove that I am useful."

 "Is that so…"

 Sylphy was still making a slightly incomprehensible face.

 "Understood. Whether Orsted could be trusted or not will be seen on this occasion."

 "Is that fine?"

 "Because even if we argue now, there is no point to it. It looks like Rudi decided to trust him."

 "Well, true."

 "Then it will just become repeated arguments."

 Sylphy took one deep breath when saying so.

 She straightened her back and looked into my eyes.

 "Rather than that, it would be good to talk about the future from now on. Rudi…no, how does Orsted intend to make Ariel-sama queen?"

 She said that with a sharp expression.

 This was usually a face she didn't show before me, it was the face of Ariel's escort.

 Making such a face, her boyish look was fully brought forward and became very dignified.

 "First, he intends to convince Perugius-sama."

 "Dragon God and Dragon King, in that case Dragon God, in other words I think Orsted's position is higher, but he intends to convince Perugius-sama?"

 "Perugius-sama's influence in the Asura Kingdom is great and he also has political influence. In comparison, Orsted doesn't have influence in Asura Kingdom."

 Rather, I was echoing Orsted's words.

 "But Perugius-sama will not give in that easily. He doesn't listen to anything Ariel-sama says and it was also useless for Luke and me to convince him."

 "So it seems."

 Even though Orsted made a request, Perugius didn't seem to honestly do as he said.

 Because he is rather scary, I thought Orsted's words would be sufficient…as expected, there was something he was thinking about.

 "But Zanoba seems to have successfully gained Perugius-sama's favour. Rudi also seems to be well-liked…what's the difference."

 "Regarding differences, maybe it is that neither Zanoba nor I aim to become king."

 "Aiming to become king, did that offend Perugius-sama?"

 This way of thinking was probably too narrow.

 But it felt like Perugius had his own opinion regarding the existence of a king.

 "I wonder if from the beginning, Perugius-sama never had the intention to support Ariel-sama?"

 "No, if he never had the intention from the beginning to support her, he would have firmly refused her. He is testing Ariel-sama about something."

 "Is that so…hm."

 Sylphy folded her arms and tilted her head.

 "Anyway, over the next days, I would like the opportunity to talk with Ariel-sama. Would that be fine?"

 "Understood, then I will arrange the setting. I'll also tell Luke…I will share a table with Luke, is that okay?"

 "Ah, no problem. Just, can we keep quiet regarding Orsted as well as make it appear as if Luke and Sylphy persuaded me into supporting her?"

 "Why hide the matters related to Orsted? Rudi became Orsted's subordinate, and if you say that you are following orders from above, Ariel-sama might feel relieved?"

 The Dragon God's backing.

 …But I didn't want to give Luke, Human God's apostle more information than necessary.

 Though it wasn't confirmed yet that Luke was Human God's apostle.

 "Because it isn't known where Human God's men could be listening from, I want to keep Orsted's instruction and objective hidden as much as possible."

 "…Orsted is fighting Human God, right? Is Human God such a bad guy?"

 "Leaving aside whether he was bad or not, he attempted to kill Roxy as well as targeting Sylphy, and tried to kill me by making me clash with Orsted. He is an enemy."

 "Eh, I was also targeted…"

 Saying that, Sylphy looked at the surroundings.

 "Even now?"

 "I wonder, but I don't think he has given up…"

 "Then, it's best to watch your back."

 "Also on the road at night."

 Being told that, Sylphy laughed out.

 "In this city, the only one who would attack me at night is Rudi."

 Haha, she took an ippon.

 Then, let's attack her tonight without reserve.

 Thus I managed to meet with Ariel together with Sylphy.

 Part 4

 "…and so."

 However, the talk didn't end yet.

 "When saying you would help Ariel-sama, Rudi will also be going to the Asura Kingdom, right."

 "Well, that will be so. It's not like I can say [Right, goodbye] just after the persuasion."

 Surely there will be some in the Asura Kingdom, defeating Human God's apostles must be done.

 Finding the woman called Tristina must also be done.

 And this didn't need to be said, I will have to go to the Asura Kingdom.

 "I also wish to be taken along."

 "…eh?"

 "I know that Rudi wants me to look after Lucy. I also know that both Ariel-sama and Luke want me to live happily in Sharia. But still, after all I want to help. Because until now, I have always been together with Ariel-sama."

 As Sylphy said that, she held my hand.

 Her soft hand was grasping my hand.

 It was a strong grip.

 "Please, Rudi. Please take me along as well."

 I returned the grip on Sylphy's hand.

 To be honest, I wanted Sylphy to stay at home.

 It was my ego, but I wanted Sylphy to look after Lucy in a safe place.

 A wife should walk three steps behind the husband, I wasn't thinking about something like that.

 But still, Sylphy was…I couldn't put it in words, but I felt that I didn't want to expose her to danger.

 But Sylphy has been together with Ariel and Luke for years.

 They have been like this, ever since the mana calamity.

 To me, that would be Eris and Ruijerd.

 Eris…leaving her aside for the moment.

 If Ruijerd was in a pinch, I intend to run to him no matter what.

 There was such an obligation for Ruijerd.

 Though I would hesitate when weighing the lives of my family.

 But even so, helping Ruijerd occupied a high rank in my order of priorities.

 Surely Sylphy also felt that way.

 Surely she was also thinking that family was of course important and that Lucy must be brought up.

 But if her close friends were in danger, it was natural to try hard to help them.

 "Understood. Sylphy will also help out."

 "…Yes!"

 Sylphy smiled broadly and nodded happily.

 Seeing that, I suddenly recalled what Human God said.

 The talk about how Sylphy's fate was to die in the Asura Kingdom.

 Though I didn't believe it, if Sylphy was going to help out, wouldn't her life span be shortened.

 …I wonder if I am thinking too much.

 History has changed.

 It will not necessarily unfold as the diary said.

 But after all, it would be better to say it.

 "…Sylphy."

 "What?"

 "Human God hides his appearance, he will manipulate someone to try and hinder Orsted and me."

 "…Like how Rudi and Orsted were made to fight each other?"

 "Ah."

 "Then, we also have to be careful of the one being manipulated."

 "…Hm. Also, it seems that a familiar person is being manipulated."

 "A familiar person, such as?"

 "Luke or so."

 Being told that, Sylphy's face became stern.

 "…Rudi. That can't be. Orsted was moving to make Ariel-sama become the queen, while Human God was moving to prevent Ariel-sama from becoming the queen, right? In other words, Luke is taking actions to prevent Ariel-sama from becoming queen. Something like that is impossible. It was impossible for Luke to turn around and become Ariel-sama's enemy."

 "But, it was possible that he was taken in by Human God's honeyed words. Like that, he ensnares people."

 "…"

 I was glared at by Sylphy.

 It wasn't to the extent where it was tinged with blood thirst.

 It may be the first time being glared by Sylphy like this.

 "If Luke loses himself and harms Ariel-sama…I will kill Luke."

 Sylphy said so with a strong tone.

 She said she would kill.

 It was the first time I thought Sylphy was scary.

 "Neither me nor Luke are thinking of betraying Ariel-sama. If someone is deceived and betrays Ariel-sama…it would be better to be dead."

 However, I could understand Sylphy's feelings.

 If I seriously tried to injure Ruijerd, it was possible that even Eris would become my enemy.

 It was the same thing.

 "I see…sorry. Saying something strange."

 "Hm. There's no need for Rudi to apologize. Rudi was properly on guard and gave me advice…"

 Sylphy said so while laughing quietly.

 Seeing that smile, for some reason inside me, my stomach tightened.

 If the time comes when there is no choice but to kill Luke…

 At that time, I couldn't let Sylphy do it.

 I will do it.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
