Volume 18  2 — Red Dragons Upper Jaw

Volume 18 Chapter 2 - Red Dragon's Upper Jaw

 

 Part 1

 The Red Dragon’s Upper Jaw.

 It is a valley with just one continuous road.

 It is not as straight as the Holy Sword Highway.

 But, it’s a single path without any forks.

 It’s between two different country’s borders, a neutral area without an owner.

 We passed by a big caravan while traveling there.

 There were ten wagons and more than fifty horses carrying the cargo.

 It’s a big caravan carrying cargo from the Asura kingdom to the Magic Triumvirate.

 The caravan is travelling in a single file escorted by adventurers.

 These adventurers have been glaring at us harshly.

 Seeing that, I suddenly remembered about my old days.

 There was also a time when I was part of the escort of a caravan heading to the north.

 It wasn’t as big as the caravan we passed, but if I remember correctly it had many young merchants in it.

 I think if they came to greet me, I wouldn’t remember any of their names.

 At that time, I was alone.

 Solitude.

 I was so lonely.

 After all, at that time I was under the impression that I had been abandoned by Eris.

 During that time I thought my life as a man was over.

 During that time I thought nothing mattered anymore, and there is nothing to believe in this world.

 In those days, strengthening my body and worshiping God were my only truths in this world.

 Since then, I have done all kinds of things.

 I got my confidence back through Sylphy, and now I’m a father of one.

 I’m not one you would call 『Venerable』, but I am a father.

 Clearing my misunderstanding with Eris, making her my wife.

 Roxy also came along and married me, and now she is pregnant with my second child.

 With those three wives, my night life has also become merrier.

 If the me in the past saw my current situation, what would he say?

 In my situation, if I wanted to rub some tits … maybe one of them will let me?

 "……Hey, why are you suddenly so quiet?”

 I heard Eris’s voice from my side.

 I suddenly noticed, unaware that Eris and I were side-by-side.

 By the way, since I cannot ride a horse, I’m stuck sitting behind Sylphy.

 "Hey Eris."

 "What?"

 "Can I grope your tits?"

 "Saying that out of the blue……… of course not."

 Was it no good?

 Is asking so casually out of bounds?

 ………… Well.

 The me in the past probably wouldn’t have much to say.

 He would just laugh coldly to himself and say congratulations.

 The me in the past, was one of those guys.

 I would keep my distance while congratulating them, acting like that happiness is unrelated to me.

 "……"

 "You know, Rudi."

 A voice came from the front, it's Sylphy.

 "Even though you asked to grope Eris, why didn’t you ask me……? "

 Before I was aware of it, my hands were already massaging Sylphy’s chest.

 No wonder my hand started feeling good.

 "Oh, my bad. I did that unconsciously."

 “It’s fine for now since there aren’t really any monsters here, but hold it in until after we leave the valley, okay?”

 "Thank you, thank you, Sylphy. You’re a good girl, truly, a good girl."

 "Getting thanked for rubbing my chest is a bit…"

 While scratching the back of her ear, Sylphy gave a wry smile.

 I rubbed her chest at every opportunity after I married her.

 Sylphy got used to me fondling her chest all the time pretty much.

 I also formed a close attachment to her breasts.

 "Rudeus, you can sit behind me tomorrow!"

 Eris is burned up with jealousy, saying that while blushing, and ran up to the front row.

 Haha……I am quite popular.

 Well …… we will be exiting the valley soon.

 An ambush will definitely come. With that in mind. I became more serious.

 Part 2

 Upon exiting the Red Dragon’s Upper Jaw, a huge forest appeared.

 The valley exit is located on a slightly higher altitude.

 In the distance from the spreading forest below, I could see a wall.

 But because of the forest’s height, I can’t see the road in the middle of the forest. I can’t determine where the ambush will happen.

 Whatever happens here, it won’t be seen by anyone.

 Or so Orsted says.

 From here, it seems he can see the exit of the forest from the walls.

 In other words, anyone can confirm who is entering and leaving the forest.

 On the other hand, from the forest entrance here we can’t see the wall.

 To an attacker, this is a geographical advantage for them.

 A perfect place to ambush us.

 "At last, I have returned to this place."

 At the entrance to the forest, Sylphy stopped the horse.

 Luke was also stopped.

 The horse-drawn carriage was also stopped.

 As for Ghyslaine and Eris, they also stopped their horse.

 One of the servants got down from the driver's seat.

 Luke and Sylphy also got down from their horses.

 From the horse-drawn carriage, Ariel came out.

 She held a small bouquet.

 On the roadside, five people walked up to a stone.

 It looked like an ordinary stone.

 There was nothing decorative about it.

 However, on the surface, there are × marks engraved.

 Ariel acted first, placing the bouquet on top of the stone, and I followed suit.

 The pose of prayer of the Millis church.

 Ariel is not a devout believer of Millis.

 I’ve never seen her praying to god.

 The same goes for Luke.

 I don’t know about the attendants, but Sylphy is also different.

 In other words, the ones that are resting under the stone are people who served Ariel.

 Dead in this forest, in the Red Dragon’s Upper Jaw, her Knight escorts, her magicians, or her attendants.

 I heard that in the Red Dragon’s Upper Jaw, many of her escorts died, especially near the border.

 So, I will also pray for the time being.

 “From here on out, we will be at at a greater risk of being ambushed. So, let’s camp here for now and continue our journey tomorrow.”

 At Ariel’s words, Sylphy went back to her horse.

 Her face seemed to be stiffer than usual.

 Part 3

 In the evening of that day, I went over our formation once again.

 After that, we should take some time to review each member’s specific role to avoid getting disoriented during any upcoming battles.

 Ghyslaine and Eris are our main attackers.

 Sylphy will be our support, who's able to quickly respond to any situation,

 and I will be the rear guard, with the Demon Eye of Foresight.

 My role is to basically oversee the battle.

 Since my eye of foresight can’t see something that is outside of my field of view.

 In addition, Elmore and Luke will be protecting Ariel.

 I wish that those three could also be better equipped, but it can’t be helped since their power in combat is lacking.

 Even if they did fight alongside Ghyslaine and Eris, they would just get in the way.

 In any case, to prepare for a surprise attack, they must be at Ariel’s side to protect her.

 Using a magic tool to mimic Ariel, Kleene acts as Ariel’s double.

 It is a magic tool that can change hair color and facial features.

 To make the disguise more convincing, she trimmed her hair to about the same length as Ariel’s.

 Their heights and figures are different, but … that can’t be helped.

 Anyway, for the sake of Ariel’s life, those two remaining servants will act as sacrifices.

 I know nothing about them, but I’d like to finish this without anybody getting murdered.

 Tomorrow, we will move on the assumption that there will be an attack.

 "We moved here using the teleportation circle, so won’t the assailant be expecting us much later?"

 To that someone’s question, Ariel replied.

 "Senior Minister Darius is a very thorough person. He had already made preparations the moment Father became ill.”

 Like that.

 Who or what kind of enemy will we face? No one knows yet.

 But I already shared information about the North Emperor and Water God who were hired by the Asura kingdom.

 On top of that, the North Emperor Auber will also become our enemy.

 I’m telling them with that warning in mind.

 I thought about how to fight him so we could handle this problem more efficiently, but if Auber and Luke are the apostles of Hitogami, there is a possibility that they’ve already made countermeasures.

 Making preparations to fight him, while they make preparations to counter that.

 If that happens, I can’t even count on my demon eye.

 So I will deal with it personally this time.

 Warning everyone of Auber’s surprise attack, while protecting everyone’s safety.

 Well, rather than me protecting Ghyslaine and everyone … I feel like I’m the one being protected.

 Anyways, let’s do our best so that no one dies.

 Part 4

 The next day.

 We’re moving based on the formation discussed at the meeting.

 On horseback were Ghyslaine, Eris, Sylphy and I in the front.

 Riding the horse-drawn carriage are the two servants and Ariel, followed by Luke at the back of the horse-drawn carriage.

 While travelling cautiously along the forest road, we encountered a bend in the path that prevented us from seeing beyond it.

 Just before the bend.

 On a certain small tree, I found a mark carved into it.

 A mark that looks like a $, a signal that Orsted and I came up with in advance.

 It means『There’s an ambush ahead.』

 Good, we don’t need a self-directed play then.

 Pushing the capability of my foresight eye to the max, I tighten the grip on my staff.

 I also activated Zariff’s Arm, so I’m ready to use the magic absorbing stone at a moment’s notice.

 Blowguns and poison darts may suddenly come flying, or showers of advanced magic may rain down towards the horse-drawn carriage.

 In either situation, if I can see it with my demon eye I can avoid it.

 However, there wasn’t a need for that.

 Ghyslaine and Eris are at the front.

 Blocking the way of those two are figures of armored soldiers standing shoulder-to-shoulder.

 Numbering more than a dozen.

 "Halt!"

 Slightly ahead, Ghyslaine and Eris stopped their horses.

 "Who is it?"

 The armored soldier did not answer Ghyslaine’s question.

 Because of the full face helmet, I cannot see his facial expressions.

 Among the armour-clad shoulders there’s one wearing flashy conspicuous feathers.

 He should be the captain.

 "……"

 They were silent.

 In silence, they just blocked the road.

 "Rudi……get down."

 In response to those words, I jumped off the horse, and walked towards Ariel’s carriage.

 Sylphy is still riding a horse, going ahead.

 Taking a position in between Ghyslaine and Eris, she stares at the captain.

 “I am Fitts of the Royal Guard!

 The one behind me in this carriage is known as the second princess Ariel Anemoi-Asura from the Asura kingdom!

 Whose soldiers are you?! State your name! "

 A manly voice shouted high.

 So cool.

 "……"

 But the captain does not answer.

 Instead, he silently draws his sword.

 "!"

 Following suit, the other soldiers also draws their sword.

 A high-pitched *Jakin* echoed through the forest.

 At the same time, soldiers armed to the teeth emerged from the forest making a *Karawarawara* noise.

 Most of them have swords, but I only have a staff and we’re considerably outnumbered.

 "Enemy attack!"

 Getting off of his horse, Luke is already taking his stance.

 Elmore sitting on the driver's seat is clutching her whip with tension.

 Inside the horse drawn carriage, Kleene disguised herself as Ariel.

 "Uraaaa!"

 "Gaaaaa~!"

 Already Ghyslaine and Eris have engaged the soldiers up ahead.

 Their swords cut down the soldiers so fast that it didn’t even leave an afterimage.

 The two are so fast that the soldiers were defeated before they could even unsheathe their swords.

 "Leave the magic to me!"

 Sylphy had to precisely control her magic so as to not hit Eris and Ghyslaine.

 I can’t see, but it appears there are magicians behind the soldiers.

 The number of enemy soldiers is almost thirty.

 Yet troops continue to pour out of the forest, it looks like there are still more of them.

 Despite this, it seems such an advantage in numbers means nothing against Ghyslaine and Eris.

 The enemy troops are being decimated in the blink of an eye.

 Eris is moving freely on her own.

 Ghyslaine moves to covers her blind spot.

 Furthermore, Sylphy supported them both with magic.

 The trio constantly repositioned themselves to avoid being surrounded, and they’re slaughtering the armored knights.

 They are strong …… Those three people.

 It will be alright even if I leave them alone.

 "Luke-senpai! Are there any enemies behind us?"

 "No!"

 Response from Luke protecting the back of the horse-drawn carriage.

 It’s look like the enemy wants to lure us into a retreat.

 A trap?

 It’s a trap.

 "What will we do, withdraw?"

 "No, it seem that it’s possible to break through, so ……"

 Looking ahead, the flood of soldiers have parted in two.

 Then, a person appears between them. Ghyslaine and Eris stopped moving.

 The person was smaller than I expected.

 Only about a meter tall.

 Hobbit Race.

 His small body wrapped in full body armor.

 His armor polished clean, so clean that it shone brilliantly in the light.

 With his short stature, he totally looked like a disco ball.

 I felt when he came out in front, the soldiers surrounding him felt fairly relieved.

 The feeling of being in a Sensei’s presence.

 Apparently, he seems to be powerful.

 Can he be Auber?

 "My name is the North King Wii Taa.

 One of the Three Swords of North God.

 『Light and Darkness』 Wii Taa. "

 …… Who?

 "I see you are 『Black Wolf』 Ghyslaine.

 I challenge you to a duel! ! "

 Disco ball draws his sword.

 Fitting his short stature, it’s a short sword 30 centimeters in length.

 But the blade shines so brightly like a mirror.

 However, an one-on-one fight at this juncture?

 It is a situation of dozens versus three already, I wonder what kind of intention he has?

 "Hmph."

 Ghyslaine pointed her blade, letting out a snort.

 It was directed to the Wii Taa that pointed his sword.

 "Very well. I, Ghyslaine the 『Black Wolf』 Sword King, shall be your opponent."

 While holding a reserve sword on her waist, Ghyslaine was facing the North King.

 So, the flow of time has stopped.

 The grunts stopped moving, after while checking their surrounding they began to fall back.

 Sylphy also fell back glancing warily at the soldier’s movements.

 What remains is an atmosphere for a duel against the man called North King.

 But Eris can’t read the mood.

 She lunges ahead toward the retreating soldiers.

 "Daaaaaaa!"

 "Ah! Hey! Eris!"

 Sylphy also enters the fray haphazardly.

 Covering Eris’s back, a helter-skelter battle started.

 Are those two people alright?

 The number of enemies is great.

 I look at them for a moment, they aren’t taking any attacks. Seems there is plenty of room for comfort.

 …… Alright, it’s okay to leave them for now.

 I want to support them, but I can’t move from this place.

 Due to Eris’s rampage, the distance between the horse drawn carriage and her widened a bit.

 Still, Auber has not shown himself yet.

 Until he appears, I cannot move.

 Auber is skilled at surprise attacks.

 If we divert our attention, he may launch a surprise attack from behind us.

 It’s a very textbook tactic, but it would be the best time for it.

 A moment of distraction.

 He would strike during that split second opportunity.

 Especially against powerful magicians, he would hit them during their incantations.

 Therefore, Orsted said.

 If it turns into a skirmish, don’t use any magic until that guy shows himself.

 Even if your ally is in a pinch, don’t give them any support.

 If you’re patient, Auber would change his target, he will launch an attack on those who are most off guard.

 In that moment, you could snipe him.

 Therefore, I cannot move.

 I need to be alert of my surroundings with my eyes wide open.

 Even so, I feel concerned.

 Instead of the North Emperor, the North King Wii Taa appears out of nowhere.

 If another strong guy comes out and it’s not Auber, I guess I’ll need to give the order to retreat.

 "Ugh, kut!"

 "Hahaa~! 『Black Wolf』 Ghyslaine! Your skill is rotting!"

 And against Wii Taa, Ghyslaine is being pressed back a bit.

 Or rather, Ghyslaine’s movement is strange.

 When Ghyslaine tries to go in for an attack, she stops for a moment and turns her face.

 Wii Taa doesn’t miss a chance like that.

 He dashes into Ghyslaine’s body at a speed you wouldn’t expect from his short limbs and launches a shower of attacks.

 His thrusts only made shallow wounds on Ghyslaine’s skin, it looks like she avoided a fatal blow.

 Since the beginning of their duel, Ghyslaine has yet to take a step forward to attack.

 She would ready her stance and motion an attack, but turns away each time for some reason, allowing Wii Taa to counter.

 Something happened.

 But, I don’t know what it is from my position.

 What did you do?

 I try to observe Wii Taa.

 He is as sparkly and shiny as a disco ball, and is hard to keep an eye on.

 While he moves in to strike Ghyslaine, he puts out his left hand.

 His left hand is not holding anything.

 Then, is he using magic?

 Ghyslaine turns away her face.

 Was it sand?

 You're trying to blind her?

 No, It doesn’t seem that way.

 I don’t see anything coming out from his hand.

 But, there’s no doubt that Wii Taa’s left hand causes Ghyslaine to turn away.

 Ghyslaine couldn’t look at him whenever his left hand pointed towards her direction.

 …… Oh, is that how it is?

 Light.

 By reflecting sunlight with that mirror-like armor, he robs Ghyslaine of her sight.

 Every time Ghyslaine goes in for an attack, he blinds her.

 What a dirty trick!

 However, Ghyslaine looks like she’s having difficulty.

 If she continues on like this, she might lose.

 Should I cover for her?

 What should I do?

 If I don’t act now it will be too late.

 First of all, is Auber really here?

 Do I keep guard or leave Ghyslaine to die?

 ……

 All right.

 I began to pour magic into Aqua Hartia.

 Using Earth and Water magic.

 In other words, the usual quagmire.

 Melded magic -.

 " 『Mud Rain』! "

 In a moment the clouds cover the sky.

 The falling raindrops are brown like chocolate.

 It quickly covers the battlefield.

 Rain that contains mere mud.

 It did not have any offensive power.

 As it falls on the ground, it turns the ground slick and loose which robs the soldiers of their mobility.

 Some slip and some fall over.

 Since Eris and Ghyslaine trained their lower body, the mud has no impact on them.

 As for Sylphy, it dyes her hair brown, but let’s set that aside for now.

 "Nuooo?"

 As Wii Taa’s polished armor becomes muddy, the disco ball loses its light.

 "Gaaaaaaa!"

 The yell of Ghyslaine’s fighting spirit resonated through the woods.

 From the blade near her waist, Ghyslaine fires off a sword of light.

 Wii Taa tumbled to avoid it, but blood was gushing from his shoulder.

 With this, the winner has been decided.

 I continued to be vigilant against Auber……

 Then, I looked back.

 "What?"

 "?"

 Right behind us, there was a man.

 I saw a strange person.

 Wearing a rainbow colored jacket, knee length pants, with three sword attached to his waist. There is a peacock tattoo on his cheek, and his hairstyle was like a satellite dish.

 He’s wearing a dirt-colored cloak on his back.

 And from that cloak, a trail of silky sand spills down.

 At the end of this trail, a hole was spotted in Luke’s blind spot, who was supposed to be watching our back.

 This fellow, he was hiding in the hole he dug up in the road.

 "……"

 His features and clothing matched the description.

 This guy is the North Emperor Auber.

 " …… You found me."

 The next moment, my foresight eye saw Auber’s movement.

 <He draws a sword with his right hand>

 "At this distance against a magician……sorry for the sneak attack!"

 <Auber swings the sword downward.>

 I immediately react with my left hand.

 The left hand where Zariff’s Arm is attached.

 Although the arm feels no resistance from the weight, Auber is still faster.

 "『Arm, Fly 』!"

 "Fuooo!?"

 My artificial arm flew off at a ridiculous speed.

 Despite that, Auber barely evaded it with a backflip while tilting his neck, dodging the arm.

 Making a [Badzun] sound, the artificial arm lodges itself in a distant tree.

 While holding the sword, Auber glances back and forth between the arm that flew and me with rounded eyes.

 “W, What……the……"

 My heart is beating rapidly.

 I knew that Auber would attack with his tricks.

 Even though I knew about it from Orsted……damn.

 Is this the result of not following his directions?

 Now I have to fight Auber one-on-one.

 My opponent is a North Emperor.

 While he isn’t necessarily weak when fighting normally, his specialty is in surprise attacks.

 But… I have heard of the actions that I should take after exposing this figure.

 It is possible to win, I'm fine, calm down, I'm strong, I'm strong, I’m Strahan, I'm Stallone.

 "Rudeus the 『Quagmire』."

 Auber did not attack immediately.

 While standing there, he spoke to me.

 "Although I have heard the rumors, you are indeed strong."

 Why are you not coming at me?

 Although this method cannot be used if you are not coming at me……

 "…… Where did you hear my name?"

 "From a certain beast over there. When I was teaching sword art to that beast, she always said [Rudeus is awesome!]."

 So it was Eris.

 "A man who could tame that beast, would be a praiseworthy man. Really, like the rumor said……even his arm can fly.”

 It seems he is fascinated by my Rocket Punch.

 And I’m being watched with a vigilant eye, as if I will try some other weird trick.

 What a bad-mannered guy.

 It’s not like I’m some kind of rare animal……

 But, it’s good that he’s being cautious.

 After all, in the edge of my vision, Ghyslaine has defeated Wii Taa and is coming towards us.

 It's not a far distance, she should be here soon.

 If it’s two-on-one, our chances of winning will increase tremendously.

 "Eris, and Ghyslaine.

 Silent Fitts, and Rudeus of the Quagmire.

 As a precaution, we have brought Wii Taa but……

 Since I couldn’t kill Rudeus, this will be hard on us."

 Auber convinces himself and nods.

 I wonder if he’ll come.

 "Well, there is no shortage of opponents!"

 He’s coming.

 But, in the current situation, if I can hold him for even a few seconds, I can attack him with Ghyslaine in a pincer maneuver.

 And, I know roughly what technique Auber uses.

 I can do this.

 I can bring him down.

 "My name is, North Emperor Auber Corvette!"

 Auber drew the sword with his left hand and sheathed the sword in his right hand.

 I also started pouring magic into my staff in response to that……

 "This is…… Goodbye!"

 Auber started running.

 Not toward me, but toward Ghyslaine.

 Huh?

 Did he just say goodbye?

 "Auber!"

 "Oh, it’s …… Ghyslaine! Long time no see!"

 "Gaaaaaaa!"

 "As expected, you haven’t changed at all."

 Before anyone noticed, Auber had thrown the bag that was in his hand.

 The bag flies to Ghyslaine in a smooth arc.

 Ghyslaine promptly cuts the bag while it is still in mid air.

 Upon being cleaved, some kind of smoke suddenly scatters from the bag.

 Ghyslaine face is …… showered by it immediately.

 This is bad.

 "『Stone Cannon』!"

 "Uooh~~!"

 Auber easily avoided the rock cannonball that came flying from behind with a fluid movement.

 Can Ghyslaine give chase …… no, that’s impossible.

 Flour was showered on her face, making her eyes shed tears uncontrollably and causing her to sneeze repeatedly.

 Mixed with spices, it's a special tear gas from Auber.

 Slipping around Ghyslaine like a cockroach, Auber was getting close to Sylphy and Eris who were slaughtering the soldiers.

 "Retreat! Retreat! Regroup!"

 With those words, men begin to escape into the forest all at once.

 And, Eris noticed Auber at the same time.

 Moving her body to protect Sylphy, she was trying to intercept him.

 "Ugaaaaaa!!"

 "『My sword, ablaze!』"

 At the same time the chanting stopped, Auber’s sword was covered in flames.

 While sidestepping in and quickly removing something from his waist, Auber put something in his mouth.

 I also know this trick.

 I can make it.

 "Buuuu~~!"

 "『Water Wall!』"

 Oil gushes from Auber’s mouth to ignite the flaming sword, and attacks Eris.

 But the magic I launched managed to stop it.

 The fire hit the water wall and was extinguished in a moment.

 Eris does not care about the water wall in front of her.

 So as to tear to pieces both the opponent and my magical attacks, she slashed her raised sword diagonally downward from the shoulder, assailing Auber.

 "Taaaaaa!"

 A sound of *Zan~tsu*, was heard.

 With a thud, the upper body of Auber, who was divided, fell to the ground.

 "Alright!"

 "Che."

 While I was delighted, Eris clicked her tongue.

 When I looked closely, what fell to the ground was not Auber’s upper body.

 It's a log.

 Without realising it, a log had fallen on the ground.

 The log wrapped in a sand covered cloak.

 Huh……?

 I wonder what happened.

 It should have been seen with my Foresight Eye, but I do not know what happened.

 And at that moment, I thought that something was flying towards the log. A Talon Claw.

 A claw with a rope flew toward the log.

 Catching onto the cloth and pulling it from a distance.

 The cloth flew lightly in the air and settled into the man that was holding the tip of the rope.

 In the forest, there was Auber, wearing a cloak and hiding behind some flowers.

 Auber, that he would recover his cloak with that claw…

 Is that cloak some kind of magic item?

 To allow the party wearing the cloak to instantly swap out like that…

 Was it Utsusemi no Jutsu [Substitute Art]?

 I didn’t hear about this, boss!

 "You’ve improved your skills, Mad Dog! I’ll be leaving first! Let us meet again!"

 "Wait!"

 "Wait, Eris!"

 Eris tried to chase Auber, but she was stopped by Sylphy.

 "There are still soldiers in the forest, don’t chase after him alone!"

 After hearing these words, Eris looked back towards me.

 Then, to the direction where Auber disappeared.

 Clicking her tongue, she sheathed her sword.

 "Hmph."

 Eris walked back towards me unhappily,

 Sylphy continued to vigilantly search for remaining enemies while holding her wand.

 For now, there seems to be no signs of any enemies nearby.

 Only corpses remain.

 "Whew……"

 For now, the raid will end with this.

 But, Auber may launch another surprise attack, so we must stay alert.

 We should at least stay vigilant until the night.

 Part 5

 Result of the battle.

 The enemy: nearly destroyed.

 Damage against us: almost nil.

 The only damage was Ghyslaine’s sneezing and tears that did not stop for almost an hour.

 Since detoxification and healing magic didn’t work we were a little bit impatient, but the symptoms subsided when flushed with water magic.

 I often feel the weakness of healing and detoxification magic.

 Maybe it doesn’t cure hay fever either.

 It seems that there is no hay fever in this world…

 I immediately helped to clean up the corpses we had piled by the roadside.

 Normally it might have been okay to just leave them, but right now we were still in the forest.

 If you leave dead people alone here, their bodies will be revived into the undead.

 Basically, leaving corpses in a place like this is forbidden.

 We stripped the armor, piled up the remains together, and then burned the corpses.

 "……"

 While going about the work, Luke’s complexion became grim.

 The more he worked, the grimmer his expression became.

 This wasn’t because he knew the identity of the corpses. Rather, his focus was on the armor the corpses were wearing.

 I wonder if there is something on it.

 "Hey, Luke. This crest is……"

 I found the reason immediately…

 As for what it was, it could be found on a lot of the corpses.

 On their armor, a crest was emblazoned.

 The crest symbolized a certain lord from the Asura Kingdom.

 That crest was from a place known as the Milbotts territory.

 It is a territory that is owned by one of the four major noble families that had a strong military force in the Asura Kingdom.

 The soldiers who attacked us came from the faction that ruled over that territory.

 That means…

 Luke muttered what I had already guessed.

 "Fools…"

 The lord of Milbotts territory…

 Philemon Notus Greyrat had betrayed Ariel.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
