Volume 18  3 — Conjecture

Volume 18 Chapter 3 - Conjecture

 

 Part 1

 One hour after the ambush.

 After dealing with the dead bodies, we’ve set up camp in a secluded part of the forest.

 Surrounded by a stone fence, we’re in the middle of a war council around a bonfire.

 "Foolishness ……such foolishness…"

 Luke looked stupefied.

 Seeing that Philemon turned his back on us, he mumbled harshly with vacant eyes.

 Was it surprising?

 No, only to Luke.

 Ariel and the others look nonchalant.

 It seems like they have considered that possibility.

 Only Luke is shocked, since he is Philemon’s relative.

 Or was it from the lies Hitogami fed him?

 What did Hitogami tell him?

 And has the lie already been exposed?

 Knowing him, I doubt he’ll do something so convenient.

 Should I… prod him for answers?

 No, I should wait for an opportunity.

 "Ariel-sama."

 "What is it Rudeus-sama?"

 “I think Auber will attack again whether we are in this forest, before we cross the border, or after we cross the border. I think he will attack us on a regular basis.”

 Ariel was puzzled.

 "I suppose so?"

 Such a situation, we have no choice but to face it. That was our assumption from the start.

 “I was able to fight him this time, but Auber was a more formidable enemy than I thought, on top of that, the number of enemies in this raid are greater than I thought…… Apparently, the other side is going all-out to kill you, Ariel-sama. For the next attack, they will definitely come more prepared than the last time."

 "…… is it that difficult to just fight them off?"

 Hearing Ariel’s word, I nod.

 “I won’t say it’s difficult………but. Perhaps, the border checkpoint will be the next ambush. It might be a trap I think "

 “But without teleportation magic we can only move onward."

 The conversation is going exactly as I expected.

 Talking to Ariel is so easy.

 It feels like she already knows what I want to say.

 "Yeah, but if you already know they will lay a trap all we need to do is avoid it."

 "Well …… Then, is there another way to cross the border without walking into their trap?"

 "Yes"

 "How?"

 Before I realize it, all eyes are focused on Ariel and I.

 I feel that it a little hard to talk.

 “Around the border, there are bandits and slave traders whose main occupation is smuggling. Let’s negotiate with them. If all goes well, we may cross the border without passing the checkpoint."

 After hearing my suggestion, Ariel was posing thoughtfully saying [Hmm].

 Sylphy is giving a somewhat quizzical face.

 Neither Ghyslaine nor Eris have heard about this.

 “Rudeus-sama, didn’t you said earlier that we shouldn’t do sketchy things?”

 "Yes. That does not change, but I seem to have misjudged a little about the severity of the situation. My intention remains the same."

 "…… Is that so?"

 I was nodding while saying that, Ariel seemed convinced.

 She stared at Sylphy and then looks at the surroundings, while her eyebrows are making a ‘/ \’ shape.

 "Sylphy, What do you think?"

 "…I think it is a good idea. I do not know how credible the thief band is, but if Rudi suggested it, I think it is less dangerous than crossing the checkpoint."

 "I'm not satisfied with Rudi’s suggestion. Why didn’t he suggest that in advance? Also, why did you give that suggestion only after we were ambushed? It seemed as though you were waiting for this attack? "

 "Luke?"

 Luke gulped, and Ariel looks at Luke.

 He slowly raises his head, as if he saw a ghost.

 Looking at me with pondering eyes.

 "You, what are you plotting … ?"

 He said clearly.

 His voice is trembling.

 With a face full of doubt.

 He watches me.

 "Your movement, it was as if you already knew that Auber would launch a surprise attack."

 "I had already predicted this."

 "It looked like you also knew his fighting style."

 "That’s thanks to my foresight eye"

 Still Luke.

 Shouldn’t you be grateful that I checked your blind spot?

 "Auber’s retreat seems too suspicious."

 "If I was killed by his first strike, then I guess he would’ve pressed the attack without retreating."

 "I know, but why didn’t you stop that guy from escaping?"

 "……I could have stopped him if I used a large scale attack magic. But in that case, Sylphy and Eris would have been in my line of fire. Also, there's a possibility that he has some magic items to evade my magic attack."

 "……Really?"

 Hey.

 Your tone sounds like I’ve joined hands with Auber.

 …… Oh, is that so?

 It was this sort of scenario?

 I joined hands with Auber, and Darius and orchestrated that ambush. That's the first conclusion most people make.

 You've got me.

 If you just think a little bit you will surely see that I’m not allying with Auber and Darius…

 "…… Luke-senpai. Didn’t I help Ariel-sama under your request?"

 “I certainly did request your aid…… But your actions are strange. My father would not betray me. Father is…"

 Luke’s behavior is suspicious.

 So this is the the work of Hitogami.

 Just what kind of advice did Hitogami give to Luke …… ?

 Wait, maybe Luke is not visible to Hitogami right now?

 That should be the case with Orsted nearby.

 The presence of Orsted acts as a jammer for Hitogami.

 It’s possible that his advice for Luke has missed the target.

 …… Or maybe that Hitogami has already discarded Luke.

 "……What the heck are you saying now?"

 Eris looks frustratedly at Luke.

 Like she’s ready to beat him down anytime.

 Sylphy looks alternatively between Luke and I with a sharp look.

 Ghyslaine looks like someone with a huge [?] on her head.

 "Ariel-sama."

 With a stern face, Luke turned his face toward Ariel.

 "I don’t agree. Rudeus’s recent actions have been strange."

 "Is… that so?"

 “Also, I worry about the credibility of the alleged band of thieves. Although I agree that we should avoid the checkpoint, but I think we should head back, and request help from Perugius-sama "

 Asking for Perugius’s help, huh…

 Indeed, you have a point.

 To ask for one or two of Perugius’s familliars to act as escorts, this will enhance our strength and will enable us to force our way through.

 Yeah, I also feel that this is quite a good idea.

 I’m fine with anything as long as Ariel is safe.

 But I must get in touch with Tris and her band of thieves.

 Besides, I don’t always have to stay together with Ariel.

 However…if I leave her there is the possibility that Ariel might die.

 "……Elmore, Kleene, what do you think?"

 "I support Luke-sama"

 "Me too."

 "Is that so?"

 The two servants are likely to support Luke.

 With this it’s 2 to 3?

 But, this party is not a democracy.

 The leader of this party is Ariel.

 Everything was decided by Ariel.

 Well, if it can’t be helped, I will try to contact Tris alone.

 I’ll make the excuse that I want to do reconnaissance in the country beforehand or something.

 But will it be suspicious if I go alone?

 …… Maybe I should bring Eris or Sylphy.

 "……"

 Ariel did not consult with Ghyslaine or Eris.

 A shadow covered her face while she takes her time to consider the situation.

 She narrows her eyes, staring at the bonfire, indulging in deep thought.

 "Okay."

 After a while, she looked up.

 Looking alternately between Luke and I.

 After looking at us twice, she stopped her gaze at Luke.

 "I will go with Rudeus-sama’s plan."

 "What!"

 Luke begins to get angry.

 "Why?"

 "Perugius-sama won’t be so generous as to lend a hand to the king that fled from her own kingdom. If it’s only at this level, I won’t rely on him."

 Saying that, Ariel winks at me.

 …… You mean, you intentionally sided with me?

 I wonder why?

 Perhaps Ariel wanted me to owe her a favor.

 Although it was convenient for me……

 "But, that's putting the cart before the horse. Working with the likes of thieves! We won’t know if they’re plotting against Ariel-sama-- "

 "Luke."

 Luke is blindsided by Ariel’s decision.

 "What’s wrong with you all of the sudden? Suspecting Rudeus-sama suddenly?"

 "But father is ……"

 “Didn’t we already discussed the possibility that Philemon would betray us before? Didn’t you say that if it’s father it may happen?"

 "I certainly did think so before. However, I am certain that I’ve heard……"

 And, Luke shut his mouth before he spoke.

 Ariel also seem a little surprised by his reaction.

 Luke was wide-eyed, and lips trembling.

 "Luke, by chance ………… did you hear it from your brother?"

 Ariel stops abruptly.

 Then, in a different tone, she asked Luke.

 "Luke Notus Greyrat, who are you?"

 Luke looked at Ariel with an understanding look.

 Then he shifted his gaze to Sylphy, me, and rest of the party.

 After seeing the anxiousness in our eyes, he looks back at Ariel.

 Kneeling without diverting his gaze, Luke said looking up.

 "I am your knight."

 "And I am your princess."

 Luke looks down, Ariel nodded.

 Like a shadow has been casted off, those two share a satisfied smile.

 All that needs to be said has been said.

 That was all that was necessary.

 With such satisfied smiles on them, Sylphy and the others looked relieved as well.

 "Let's depart. Rudeus-sama please lead the way."

 "Yes."

 Anyways, with this we’re contacting the bandits.

 I will not betray Luke.

 But anxiety remained.

 With this conversation, there’s no doubt that Luke is an apostle of Hitogami.

 Part 2

 Returning to the highway then entering the forest again.

 I already knew the location of the band of thieves.

 Enter the forest from a certain mark on a rock, then head straight to the East.

 The band of thieves in question is located in the East side of the forest.

 Apparently under a cliff at the foot of a mountain.

 However, our pace is slow.

 Since our horse-drawn carriage was disassembled.

 Ariel tried to ride a horse at first, but after seeing how high up it was she came down immediately.

 Since there is a risk of falling from the horse.

 We’re moving through an area that’s usually impassable while leading horses.

 If you clear the way with magic, you won’t have to take a detour.

 Although in that case, it will be easier for the enemy to track us.

 However, if we’re fighting against demons on the way, we will leave a trail no matter what.

 Well I guess we don’t need to care about it too much.

 Along the way, we rested many times.

 Because Ariel complained that her feet were sore repeatedly.

 It’s because she is not familiar with walking through the forest.

 Fortunately, Ariel did not voice any complaints aside from that.

 Sylphy repeatedly applied healing magic to Ariel’s feet, and waited for her to catch her breath.

 "……"

 There is no conversation in particular.

 Concerning the Apostles of Hitogami.

 What made them apostles is the advice given by Hitogami.

 Luke, Apostle of Hitogami.

 He has gotten some advice.

 No doubt about it.

 But it is unclear when he received it, or what the advice was about.

 Looking at my example, Hitogami did not give me advice often.

 He came out frequently on occasion, but on average he comes about once a year.

 If Luke’s situation is similar, he would’ve received advice maybe once or twice.

 Most likely, Luke received advice just before he came to my place.

 It’s to make me an ally for Ariel.

 Right.

 That advice is directly linked to Luke’s action.

 But after this attack, I feel that it is a little different.

 Perhaps, Luke received advice about the Notus house.

 And now, he has been treating me awfully.

 Like before, he is giving me a threatening attitude accusing me as the culprit.

 For example, 『 I’m trying to take over the Notus house. 』 or …?

 No. Stupid.

 If you just think about it a little, you'll know that I don’t want that.

 If I’m really interested in that, I wouldn’t live in the Magic City Sharia and I would’ve been more aggressive towards Ariel.

 People value things differently.

 If you value something, you tend to assume it's coveted.

 And if you’re told that someone’s aiming for the same thing, you’re prone to believe it.

 If you’re Luke what would you want the most, perhaps he wants to become the Head of the Notus house.

 Although I don’t know for sure.

 This time, Philemon betrayed Ariel.

 This might or might not be due to the advice of Hitogami.

 The diary didn’t say anything about this…

 No, Eris was at Philemon’s mansion in that world’s diary.

 Eris is a Boreas, and Boreas belonged to the first prince’s faction.

 If you think about it, even without Hitogami’s intervention, Philemon would have most likely betrayed us.

 So Philemon isn’t an apostle after all.

 Given his influence and ability, Darius is still the most likely candidate.

 That's right, Darius.

 Another apostle.

 Senior Minister Darius Silva Ganius.

 I wonder what kind of advice he received.

 At the very least, he would have gotten information such as 『Ariel is heading to the Royal Palace』.

 Ariel had said, 『Darius is supposed to have predicted our return at the time the king became ill.』.

 However, our enemy’s force is powerful.

 The North Emperor and a North King.

 Both should be valuable forces.

 How would you prepare against an opponent of uncertain strength?

 In regards to the second prince, I’ll discuss that another time.

 We’ve reached here through teleportation magic.

 I don’t know how long it takes for information that 『Ariel is heading to the Royal Palace』 to reach the Asura kingdom from magic city Sharia.

 But, the information shouldn’t be fast enough to allow Auber and Wii Taa to ambush us.

 That explains why Auber came straight for me.

 Instead of targeting Ariel, he chose me.

 When I think about it.

 …… There is a possibility that Darius’s target is not Ariel, but me.

 Either way is fine.

 For Hitogami and Darius, Ariel and I are both hurdles.

 His advice must be something like that.

 It’s easy to understand.

 The last apostle remains unknown.

 I’m still pondering about Auber’s last sentence.

 Auber knew that I was in the party. He mentioned that [Wii Taa was brought].

 Does that mean ……

 No, Darius might have known about it.

 I can’t determine from this attack alone who could be an apostle of Hitogami.

 It seems the North Emperor knew of my participation, but he might have also heard it from Darius.

 Either way, Auber's an opponent I have to defeat.

 Even so, facing Auber’s mysterious fighting style.

 As well as his mastery of a variety of tools.

 Such as oil and tear gas.

 I'm sure that he still has some tricks up his sleeve.

 This time he gave off a very dazzling impression, but according to Orsted, he's strong even if it comes down to a regular sword fight.

 Although I’ve heard about him, it is a big difference when you’re watching it with your own eyes.

 I wasn’t caught off guard covering for Ghyslaine. But all it takes is one mistake, one bad choice, and he could have taken me out from behind.

 I want to take him out for sure next time…

 Though Orsted said that killing this guy is hard.

 Even though he stood out so much, he disappeared so easily into the forest.

 The name of North Emperor isn’t just for show.

 Well, rather than Peacock Sword or North Emperor, he gave off the feeling of a ninja.

 No, he is a NINJA.

 A NINJA in a parallel world.

 …… Using oil and tear gas, I wonder if I should try to imitate him.

 Part 3

 Midnight.

 I contacted Orsted.

 Since the battle just ended, there was a lot to report about.

 "Was Auber hard to catch?"

 "Yes, I'm sorry. Even though you told me how to counter him……"

 "No, It is fine. It’s easier said than done. Besides, if Auber is determined to escape, then he cannot be killed."

 Auber’s movements after he decided to withdraw were fast.

 His pattern was complex, I could not predict what he will do.

 But Orsted seems to know most of his patterns,

 I wasn’t able to counter them at all.

 Well, in that case, Orsted can just kill him if he wanted to, but…

 …… No, let's not go in a direction that relies on him so much.

 Faith alone can’t solve everything.

 Leave Auber to me.

 I need to do it.

 I believe I can.

 "Anyways, who is Wii Taa?"

 "Someone might have called him. Perhaps at Hitogami’s proposal."

 "…… Well, what kind of guy he is?"

 Just in case, I should learn about my enemy’s war potential.

 “『Light and darkness』 Wii Taa.

 In the North God Style faction, he is a disciple of Kalman III. Indeed, he has been the bodyguard of the Notus house for a long time."

 Notus?

 Perhaps he’s Luke’s, or maybe Paul’s home tutor?

 "As his name suggests, he is good at blinding his enemies using light from his polished mirrors and armor in the daytime. At night, he inks his entire body, using fog and a magic tool that emits black smoke to blend into the darkness."

 Thus, in the daytime, dirty his armor, during the nighttime, light up the battlefield, that will counter him.

 Supposedly.

 "His sword skills aren’t bad, but… Ghyslaine and Eris should able to handle him.”

 That makes sense.

 Although he uses a cheap technique, it seems that it only supplements his skills.

 There’s no way anyone can become a North King using cheap tricks alone.

 “Still, we don’t know who else the enemy has employed.”

 “At King Rank?”

 “No Sword King of course… but how many more Water Kings, Water Emperors, or Sword Emperors might be involved?”

 “How many does he need to hire to crush us?”

 “No, Darius probably only needs one or two guards with the Water God there.”

 Because the enemy has the force of someone as strong as the Water God, the enemy might have become complacent.

 Hitogami might have suggested all the additional hires in that case…

 But it's only advice after all.

 “Since the Three Swords of North God were all present inside Asura Kingdom, the possibility exists that all of them have been hired.”

 "Three Swords of North God, who are they?"

 "Ah, about the counters to them, let me tell you."

 Three Swords of North God.

 Self proclaimed leaders of the North God Style. Four in all.

 Each with their own unique set of skills and particular features.

 After teaching me how to counter each of them, we proceed to the next topic.

 "What about Luke?"

 "It's a good sign. Hitogami can see the future, but because of it, his predictions are not always accurate. If you manipulate multiple Apostles, fractures often occur."

 In short, Hitogami does not give advice with the thought of cooperation between the Apostles.

 This time, Luke was upset about Darius or there might have been a discrepancy with the advice about Auber.

 Hitogami’s advice might be accurate in some part, but the rest are full of lies.

 For Luke, the advices that he was given might have been mostly decorated with convenient lies.

 "Do you think there’s a possibility that Hitogami has discarded Luke?"

 "There is a great possibility. Luke’s fate is weak. Hitogami isn’t expecting anything from him as a pawn. Just that, in order to see your action, he was used as a watchdog. However, with me nearby, his monitoring ability is extremely limited."

 "… But, since he can only control three pawns, doing that seems like such a waste."

 When he hears that, Orsted makes a frown.

 "For Hitogami who is omniscient, what he fears most is an invisible opponent. Since he is fulfilling the role of surveillance, there is no need for more."

 "……I see."

 From Hitogami's point of view, the ability he relies on the most is being sealed.

 Without Luke, he won't even be able to predict the changing future.

 He would have to weakly tackle us without even any hints.

 Considering that, he probably won't release Luke.

 It’s also a form of control.

 Uh-huh, it’s too complicated, then let’s leave it alone for now.

 "Is it safe to leave Luke alone for now?"

 "Yes. But be wary. When Hitogami gets reckless/careless, he will make the apostles do excessive things without thinking of their consequences."

 "Yes, that’s right, isn’t it."

 For example when he sent me to attack Orsted.

 "Kill him before he makes a big move."

 "……Before I do that, may I talk to Luke?"

 "What will you talk about?"

 "Whether or not he is in contact with Hitogami and whether or not he received any advice. So as to convince him to not believe the words of Hitogami. Perhaps he will become a double agent for us."

 "Hou ……"

 I feel like it will be a wasted effort.

 Luke is suspicious of me.

 It must be from something Hitogami has said to him.

 When it comes to trust, I’ve never really made the effort to get him to trust me.

 My relationship with Luke is just that.

 "I think it’s a waste …… but try it."

 I was given permission.

 Consider the timing, only to talk afterwards.

 I might just be looking for trouble, but still.

 "So far, things are going well. Hitogami hasn’t made a good move yet. Let’s hope it stays that way."

 "Haha!"

 Thus, the regular report was completed.

 Part 4

 I left Orsted’s place.

 The plan is on track.

 At least I think that’s the case.

 After the fight with Auber in the Red Dragon’s Upper Jaw, the next step is to make Tris our companion.

 A few things are different from what we expected, but it doesn’t affect the plan that much.

 In that case, I should move forward with confidence.

 Despite saying that, I’m a bit scared at how smooth things are going.

 Especially when it comes to Luke, everything might come apart at the seams before I realize it.

 Though Orsted apparently doesn’t think so.

 Probably because he hasn’t personally witnessed the situation.

 Or maybe he’s thinking the issues are somewhat negligible.

 Or perhaps I’m just overthinking things.

 What Orsted is thinking, I do not know.

 He didn’t make a move because there are no problems.

 Although I understand.

 When you move recklessly, things turn for the worst.

 [It’s better to regret doing it, than to regret not doing it.] A phrase I’ve often heard in my previous life.

 But I might regret no matter what I choose.

 The status quo is an option as well.

 I want to make a choice that leaves me with as little regret as possible.

 As I recall Luke’s conversation with Ariel, Luke might have continued his line with just a little push.

 I will try to bring up the subject when the opportunity arises.

 I haven't decided on the details of what to talk about yet, and I might be stirring up trouble.

 However, it might be good to mention the risk caused by Hitogami.

 Not speaking to him might be good, though.

 "……"

 While thinking that, I head back to camp.

 I report that the surrounding area is safe.

 The people who were on patrol today were Kleene, Sylphy and I.

 My patrol was short, it didn’t even take 30 minutes.

 During those 30 minutes, the silhouettes around the bonfire increased by one.

 Three shadows.

 Did someone wake up?

 If there is a monster attack while I’m not here, Ghyslaine or Eris might have woken up.

 But the figure wasn’t that big.

 Though it was larger than the delicate and petite Sylphy.

 And about the size of an average woman, about the same as Kleene.

 Her back is higher than those two, but she wasn’t Eris.

 Could it be Elmore?

 Why is she up?

 When I approached thinking that, one of the silhouettes got up.

 "It’s a nice night. Rudeus-sama"

 Behind the campfire stood Ariel. The light from the campfire casted a shadow on her beautiful face.

 She has a face that made Kleene and Sylphy worry.

 "How about we take a little stroll?"

 Ariel said, flashing a fearless smile.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
