Volume 18  4 — Ariels Choice

Volume 18 Chapter 4 - Ariel's Choice

 

 Part 1

 Under the moonlight.

 I am taking a stroll with Ariel in the forest.

 Just the two of us.

 Sylphy, the two servants, and Luke aren’t here.

 Ariel was holding a torch, she led the way.

 If we go too far, we’ll end up going to the place where I just met Orsted a while ago.

 "Rudeus-sama, I've been meaning to have a talk in private for a long time now."

 Kleene and Sylphy didn’t follow us.

 Ariel stopped.

 She says she has something important to tell me, so she has brought me into the forest.

 A midnight tryst.

 I wonder what she needs to talk about.

 It doesn’t seem like she’s making me into her attendant for going to the toilet.

 I won’t be surprised if you’re going to show something to me that you usually didn’t show to others, but I don’t know why you’re taking me along.

 Ariel and I walked for about five minutes away from the campfire.

 Making sure we were far enough away, she looked back.

 "Rudeus-sama, I want to keep the contents of this conversation a secret, that’s why I’m doing all this."

 Let’s stop the jokes for now.

 Ariel wanted to talk about a serious matter.

 "……What did you want to discuss?”

 Although I’ve already expected this, but to be safe, I asked her.

 Showing a fearless smile, Ariel caressed my chin.

 Hey, touching is NG!

 "Well, we can take our time since the night is still long."

 "Even if the night is long, the time for us to sleep is short."

 "Don't be that way, I just want to be able to talk to you freely, Rudeus-sama."

 After she says that, Ariel let go and sat down by the nearest tree root.

 For the time being, I should fully activate my demon eye.

 It’s not that I’m wary of Ariel.

 It’s just in case if something were to happen to Ariel.

 "That reminds me, about Sylphy and Eris-sama. They get along surprisingly well."

 Is this what we’re going to talk about?

 No, it’s just a conversation starter.

 "Well … originally I thought they would be quarreling a lot, but it seems to me that they’re getting along really well."

 To be honest, I always wondered if taking Eris as a wife might lead to conflict and chaos in my family.

 I was wondering if Roxy and Sylphy ought to be quarreling more.

 But you shouldn’t quarrel with family.

 “The other day, while Rudeus-sama was out patrolling, I met those two and talked about this and that."

 "Such as?"

 “She said, [You’ll be fine if you leave it to Rudeus.] For Eris-sama, staying silent and hearing all you say is important. Rudi also make mistakes, and, I'm no good unless I'm following Sylphy's guidance."

 Being relied on is nice, but honestly Eris, you really are overestimating me too much.

 It’s nice of you that you’re trying to help me behind Sylphy’s back.

 I think those two are still anxious about me becoming Orsted’s underling.

 Without making a complaint or disagreement, you two are willing to follow me.

 "Those two are exact opposites. Eris-sama will fight and stand in front of Rudeus-sama. Sylphy will support Rudeus-sama from the back……"

 "Doing all they can to cover for me, I can only offer them my gratitude…"

 My love and gratitude for those two.

 It’s something that I won’t forget even until my death.

 "What’s interesting is seeing Sylphy scold Eris-sama like a little sister that has done something wrong."

 “A bad little sister?”

 “Yes. Eris-sama has taken the lecture to heart, even though Sylphy was reluctant.”

 I wonder.

 I didn’t notice until she said that.

 I mean, now that I think about it, I haven’t spoken much with those two recently.

 I’m being too narrow minded.

 I thought that I was familiar with how Eris thought, and so I ignored it.

 …… I have not seen Sylphy looking after Eris with half baked feelings.

 "It's interesting how Sylphy is looking after her junior."

 "Ariel-sama even notices these sorts of things huh?"

 "Unlike Rudeus-sama who misses small details like that."

 While saying that, Ariel sends me an alluring glance.

 She’s bewitching.

 Stop blatantly showing such temptation.

 "Well, I know that Rudeus is busy every day, gazing here and there and thinking about everything from what can be seen to what can't be seen."

 Ariel looks at my eyes, playing with the topic.

 Perhaps this is what she wanted to talk about?

 “One thing I would like to ask Rudeus sama …what do you think about Luke?"

 Luke.

 What do I think about Luke?

 So it's not about Orsted.

 "Even if you ask me now."

 Well, Ariel, what sort of answer are you hoping for?

 "Rudeus-sama, your bad habit is showing."

 "What?"

 “Answer me honestly. I’m a master at the art of conversation. Such a skill is a staple for someone in my position "

 Habit.

 Do I have such a habit?

 Although I feel that we’ve been talking and thinking about just such a thing these days.

 About Orsted, about Hitogami.

 That’s not all.

 My family also.

 "I think that ―― Luke is betraying us."

 And suddenly, Ariel decisively said it.

 Luke’s betrayal.

 Oh, that keyword.

 "Although I haven’t said it to Sylphy and the others."

 I bet.

 But, that's a little shocking.

 "……I thought that Ariel-sama trusted Luke.”

 I was wondering about that, about Ariel’s trust in Luke’s loyalty.

 Sylphy, just like Luke, will not betray Ariel.

 The two attendants as well.

 "I do."

 "……"

 “There is no reason for Luke to betray me. If he wanted to betray me, he would have done so a long time ago. Luke would have been able to take my life during my sleep whenever he wanted."

 "…… Then, why?"

 “Even someone as loyal as Luke would betray me if he were forced into a situation where he had no choice but to do so. Like for example…… since he cares deeply about his family, maybe his family was taken hostage……"

 Ariel said so quietly.

 Family taken hostage.

 I see.

 If you’re convinced, even without knowing about the existence of Hitogami, the words and actions of Luke can be explained.

 Darius taking Luke’s family hostage, and forcing him to betray Ariel.

 On top of that, with Notus soldiers attacking Ariel, the promise was broken.

 If you look at it that way, it all makes sense.

 But Luke has remained eerily silent.

 Does it appears to Ariel… that he's troubled about whether to return to Ariel's side or stay on Darius's side?

 "That’s why I want to hear your opinion. What do you think? I’m asking Rudeus-sama since he has recently offered his help to me. "

 Also, it’s possible that Ariel also suspected me.

 Because of Luke, suspicion against me has grown.

 By those words, she assumed that I’m teamed up with Luke.

 “Is discussing a matter like this alright? In a place like this? I could turn out to be a traitor and take your life here and now, Ariel-sama. "

 “It will be a shame if that were the case… After all, it would mean that I lack the eyes to discern a person’s true nature. I’ll accept my death obediently."

 Maybe I should test that courage?

 No, that won’t be good, it's not as if I got betrayed.

 It’s easy to enumerate the reasons that I will not betray her.

 “……I don’t think Luke is betraying you. It’s just that he is being manipulated."

 "By who?"

 Her question is not easy to answer.

 I wonder how would she respond if she hears Hitogami’s name.

 It's easier to just reveal the truth, but ……

 Wait, looking at this conversation, perhaps Ariel is actually an apostle of Hitogami?

 Although Orsted said that was impossible……

 Calm down.

 The advantages and disadvantages of informing Ariel.

 Let’s consider them all… first of all.

 "Though I’m asking you that, it’s probably difficult for Rudeus-sama to answer. If there was an easy answer, you’d have given it a long time ago."

 Ariel’s following words stopped my train of thoughts.

 "So, could you introduce me?"

 Ariel was laughing.

 In the dark, I see a friendly smile.

 "To the person that Rudeus-sama occasionally contacts…… Orsted-sama."

 "What?"

 That.

 What do you mean.

 This is getting complicated.

 Did Orsted's name just come out?

 Wasn’t it about Luke?

 Was this her real intention?

 ”It’s not too much of a surprise, is it? After all, Rudeus-sama is the subordinate of Orsted-sama."

 "……"

 "Also, I would like to ascertain 『which side』 Orsted belongs to."

 Is Orsted on Ariel’s side? Or is he on Grabell’s side? Is that what you mean?

 Damn, I don’t want to have such a roundabout conversation.

 What happened to the Ariel-sama who’s always easy to talk to?

 "…… Even if you ascertain it, what do you intent to do about it?"

 "If he is on 『this side』, then no matter how terrifying he is, I plan to endure it."

 "Endure it, you say?"

 "It is necessary for the royal family to get along with people even if they are unpleasant if it will be beneficial. Therefore, it will probably be okay."

 I see, so thats how it is.

 Though I wonder if it will be that simple with Orsted’s curse.

 "What if he belongs to『that side』?"

 "Then I will bring him to my side."

 Ariel said that brimming with confidence.

 You are really amazing.

 "He’s nearby, isn’t he…… ? Orsted-sama or someone who can contact him.”

 However, I have some reservations about this.

 I’m not sure if this is something that I can decide at my discretion.

 Even if Ariel intends to endure it, Orsted’s curse is too strong.

 He gets recognized as an enemy just by being looked at.

 If she says she'll endure it, but then when she actually meets him, the result is that Ariel sees me as an enemy, it would be too painful to watch.

 That said, if I refuse, refusing might seem like I'm declaring that I have something to feel guilty about.

 At the very least, he isn’t going to interfere with Ariel’s path to the crown.

 It's Hitogami that would like to disrupt Ariel’s path, and we would like to interfere with Hitogami.

 It will be difficult to explain.

 Uh-huh.

 "Don’t worry about it."

 A voice came from behind me.

 Looking back quickly, he stood there.

 A silver-haired, golden-eyed demon …… I mean Orsted.

 "Ariel Anemoi Asura. If you wish to speak to me then I won’t reject it. "

 Orsted’s sharp glance silenced Ariel.

 Facing his eyes as if she had received a shock, Ariel’s leg trembled and she starts leaking.

 "Oh …… Oh ……"

 As if her nightmares had been materialized, her face distorts in fear.

 With a reaction like that, I’ll probably be labeled a traitor ……

 "Aa ……"

 As I was thinking that, Ariel’s expression morphed to one of ecstasy.

 Looking like she was feeling good, I thought.

 Seems like she’s going to be fine.

 Part 2

 After a while, Ariel recovered.

 Now, as if putting on airs, she’s wearing a normal expression.

 I washed her dirty pants and panties with water magic and dried them with my original magic 『Dry Steaming』, a melded magic of fire and wind.

 In exchange for the rapid drying, the fabric gets damaged.

 Aisha gets angry if I use it, thus it is designated as a forbidden technique in my home.

 There’s no choice, it can be said that this time is an emergency.

 ……Even so, although I intended to live a relatively long life,

 I never thought that there would come a day where I get to wash a princess’s panties.

 As expected of a princess, even her panties are made of this world’s high quality silk……

 While I am washing her panties, Ariel is wearing my robe that I gave her.

 The robe is a bit too long on her.

 After they dried, Ariel changes back into her pants and panties.

 Wearing the robe that has touched the naked nether regions of a princess has me a little excited. Her fragrance lingers.

 Maybe because I haven’t done anything erotic in the past few days, my gauge has accumulated a bit.

 I’ll expend it later.

 Since Eris and Sylphy are nearby, I’ll hold back for now.

 Orsted watches me suspiciously while I was busy thinking this.

 "I apologize Orsted-sama, for I have shown you such an unsightly appearance."

 "No, it’s alright."

 After things settled down, Ariel spoke to Orsted.

 Her face is slightly pale, but it doesn’t show her fear of Orsted.

 "…………"

 "Please don’t show such a scary face."

 "It's my normal face."

 "Oh, this must be the effect of the curse."

 "That is right."

 Even so, I wonder why Orsted came out.

 Never mind that.

 It is the boss’s decision.

 Now, your job is to watch the conversation between these two people.

 "I see. Although I’ve met many Mikos and cursed children… I can see that there is an exceptionally strong curse on you."

 "However, you seem to be able to overcome that. "

 "Being able to negotiate diplomatically under any circumstance is the forte of the Asura royal family."

 "Though, deep down you don’t trust me."

 "Yes, therefore I hoped for the opportunity to be able to talk to you."

 Conversation, such as mutual checks and balances.

 Now, it's my turn to feel uncomfortable.

 No, being a good audience is fine.

 The sweet smell that’s wafting from the robe makes me anxious and lose concentration.

 "Let’s go straight to the point. Orsted-sama, why do you lend me your support?"

 "Because the person behind Darius is my enemy."

 "Behind Darius……is it my brother? The first prince Grabell?"

 "It’s someone else."

 "Then, who could it be?"

 Your question is hard to answer for now, even for the boss……

 "It’s the Human God 『Hitogami』."

 Oh, you said Hitogami’s name.

 I wonder what Orsted intends to do by revealing that much.

 Although I think it’s unnecessary, since Ariel won’t become your enemy.

 "When you say Human God, do you mean the one from the myths or one of the gods of creation?"

 "That Human God and my enemy Hitogami are not necessarily the same, but that’s what he calls himself."

 "For what reason would such a God team up with Darius?"

 "In order to kill you, and make Grabell the king."

 "Haa ……"

 Ariel had a face that was taken aback.

 With that face, she slowly looks at me.

 "……I see. Although it sounds unbelievable, it doesn’t appear to be a lie now that I look at Rudeus-sama’s face."

 My face is being used as a lie detector.

 Am I so easy to read?

 Even though I was putting on my best poker face.

 I’ll consult with Sylphy about this.

 What she thinks about my face.

 …… I wonder if she will say that I’m handsome.

 "But, why does such an exalted deity favor my brother……? Is it because he is more suitable to be the king?"

 "No, Hitogami operates for more selfish reasons."

 "……May I hear more about those reasons?"

 Orsted looks at me.

 After making a slightly troubled face, he turned to face Ariel.

 "In about 100 years, the Asura Kingdom will be exposed to danger."

 "!"

 "Whether you or Grabell becomes king will affect how the Asura Kingdom responds to that danger."

 Hey, I’ve never heard this story before.

 “If Grabell became king, it will try to resolve the crisis through military weaponry. If you became king, it will resolve the crisis through magic."

 "When you say 100 years later, will we still be alive…?"

 “The policies made by you two after you become king are different. Grabell will head down the path of weapon development and you will pour resources into military magic development."

 Boss, why didn’t you tell me this story?

 "If you rely on military power, Asura Kingdom will fall. In the case of relying on magic, Asura Kingdom will survive. "

 "……"

 "Hitogami wants the Asura Kingdom to perish."

 Perhaps, Orsted is lying?

 And made up a story that is convenient for Ariel.

 ……But, if Ariel tries to check the truth by looking at my face, won’t the lie be exposed?

 "Why does Hitogami want the Asura kingdom to perish…… ?"

 "Because the person who will defeat him is born in the Asura Kingdom."

 "Then those people are obstacles to him?"

 "That’s right."

 Ariel looks convinced.

 "Then, Orsted-sama needs that person?"

 "That’s right."

 Ariel places her chin on her hand and strikes a thinking pose.

 She peers at me with a somewhat troubled face.

 Stop! Don’t look at me!

 Don’t use the lie detector!

 No, this poker face of mine will cover for Orsted.

 "Well, I couldn’t even fathom an answer like that, so I’m a little confused. I wonder if I can believe it …… "

 It seems she thinks it’s lie.

 Damn it.

 "There is no need to believe me, though I'll tell you what you want to know."

 "What I want to know, you said?"

 While Orsted said that patronizingly, Ariel seemed surprised.

 "Luke Notus Greyrat did not betray you. However, he is being manipulated by Hitogami."

 From Ariel’s face, her smile disappeared.

 The smile that had been stuck as the default expression has disappeared.

 "He is being manipulated?"

 "He was told by Hitogami, [It’s for Ariel’s sake], and went down the wrong path."

 "Luke is a wise man despite how he looks, do you think he’d be deceived that easily?"

 "When people are given beneficial information by someone, they will trust that person easily."

 Although Orsted has not given any beneficial information to me.

 Well, that and believing it are different things.

 "It’s a sudden and unbelievable story, but…… Rudeus-sama, what do you think?"

 I was suddenly shaken.

 I think it's a good play.

 Orsted is telling such crazy lies,

 If I can’t back those up with a satisfactory answer, then she will see through the lie on the spot.

 However, to this question, I answered.

 "I was manipulated by Hitogami for a long time. That guy appeared in my dreams and gave me advice many times which yield immediate results. Thanks to that, I obtained many things.

 As for Hitogami, in the very end, it was all a strategic move to betray me at the last moment. I acted in accordance with the advice of that guy, and believed him. Then, I was betrayed. In the end, I was forced to fight Orsted-sama last time.

 I believe that Luke’s situation is similar."

 As a matter of fact, I’m surprised at my own speech.

 Listening to that, the smile on Ariel’s face disappeared, and Ariel turns to face Orsted.

 She opens her mouth to speak, stops, then shakes her head.

 Once again, she looked up after she decided on what to say. I think.

 "That means …… Luke is not on Darius’s side right?"

 "Yes, although he’s been made to cooperate unwittingly,

 Luke himself isn’t conscious about it."

 Putting aside everything else, what Ariel wanted to hear about the most was Luke.

 From the authenticity of Orsted's words……

 "……I am relieved to hear that."

 "Do you believe me?"

 "If it were any other situation, I would not believe it. Though, there are things that made me convinced. Rudeus-sama … frequently takes glances at Luke."

 I was taking that many glances at him……?

 "Although everything feels too convenient …… You might be deceiving me, but I will try to believe it."

 Ariel replied while looking towards me.

 Orsted aside, I wonder if she’s believing it because of me.

 It's good news, but it's complicated.

 "So, are there others that are Hitogami’s apostles?"

 "Darius is a candidate."

 "That’s probably for the best. Anyone else?"

 "There is a high possibility that either the North Emperor Auber or the Water God Reida is an apostle."

 "…… The apostles, there are only three?"

 "Yes, no more that that."

 "I see."

 Ariel nodded.

 "In other words, Rudeus-sama and Orsted-sama. The reason that you fight the apostles is so you can stop Hitogami’s plans?"

 "Yes. You learn fast."

 "There’s a reason why I take pride in being an understanding person."

 Although Ariel says that proudly, she didn’t smile.

 Ever since earlier, her facial expression has been stiff.

 "So, Orsted-sama. I have a proposal."

 "What?"

 "Since our purposes are aligned, I think I will also follow the instructions of Orsted-sama."

 "…… Even if you have that intention, those around you won’t listen."

 "It's all well and good if the others don’t know about this. Even if I sold my soul to the devil, it’s impossible to complain if no one knew."

 "……"

 Ah, Orsted just looked a little down when she called him a devil.

 "I will do anything to win. The stronger the allies, the better."

 "……Didn’t you consider the possibility that I lied and would betray you at the last moment?"

 "I’m not stupid enough to miss a chance because of fear of risks."

 Ariel-sama, what you’re saying is cool but, you probably actually feel like you’re swearing allegiance to the Great Devil King of Evil.

 When I was also kneeling to Orsted, I had the same feeling.

 However, the Orsted Corporation is a good company with great benefits.

 Just because an evil-looking guy is the CEO, doesn’t mean his treatment towards his employees is necessarily bad.

 "For now though, Orsted-sama, I want you to leave Luke to me."

 "Em."

 "You should dedicate yourself to fighting against the apostles of Hitogami with Rudeus-sama, and I will focus my efforts on gaining the support of nobles and Luke. If we do this, the burden each person carries is also reduced so it’s the most efficient thing to do "

 "……I guess that’s okay. Then I leave matters regarding Luke to you. Persuade him if possible, but if necessary, kill him."

 "As you command."

 Ariel knelt before Orsted, Orsted greeted it with a scary face as usual.

 Part 3

 Expect the unexpected, I guess this is one of those situations.

 Before i realized it, Ariel has also become Orsted’s subordinate.

 Thereafter, Orsted informed her of his future plans.

 Him and Ariel formed a unified front.

 "Rudeus-sama. Keep this matter a secret from Sylphy and the others."

 "Yeah, more importantly, are you fine with this?"

 "Yes. At last I felt refreshed. Oh, is it about that toilet matter?"

 As she said that, Ariel had a refreshing face.

 "Now I’ve finally established cooperation in the truest sense with Rudeus-sama."

 "Right."

 As for me, I still feel uneasy about some of this.

 Still, I will obey Orsted for now and leave it be.

 "Ariel-sama"

 "What is it?"

 "I should tell you now, in your attempt to persuade Luke, should he try to harm Eris or Sylphy, I will kill him. "

 "……You’re not following Orsted-sama's decision?"

 "I’m only following Orsted-sama because that’s the only way to protect my family."

 I decide to warn her beforehand.

 Of course, I don’t know how it’ll actually turn out.

 Although I’ve confidently conveyed my resolve to kill Luke,

 Let’s believe in Ariel.

 Rather than me trying to convince Luke one-on-one, Ariel might have a better chance of success.

 "I understand, Rudeus-sama. Please take care of me in the future."

 "Likewise."

 Thus, Ariel became Orsted’s subordinate.

 And my colleague.

 When we returned to camp with each other,

 Sylphy puffed out her cheek, of course.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
