Volume 18  11 — Lukes Recklessness

Volume 18 Chapter 11 - Luke's Recklessness

 

 Part 1

 The party venue had regained its composure.

 The people that remain in the venue, are mostly the major senior aristocracy and nobility of Asura Kingdom.

 Greyrat, Bluewolf, Purplehorse, Whitespider, and Silvertoad. They’re families that have served Asura Kingdom since eons ago.

 In order to witness the 『Result』, they chose to remain in the venue instead of running away even after Orsted left the place.

 Of course, the party didn’t resume.

 What happened so far is hard to ignore.

 Darius’s downfall and Perugius-sama’s appearance.

 With these two impacts, Ariel instilled a strong impression to nobility that she is the one who will become the next king.

 Of course, regarding Orsted that appeared abruptly, made many of them puzzled with their own questions.

 However since Ariel, the host of this venue, was calming them down, the other nobles that still remained began to relax.

 "……"

 The nobility felt a fear that penetrated through the depths of their hearts.

 That man, whose body emitted fear, suddenly appeared and saved Ariel.

 That man and Ariel are accomplices.

 Thinking that, even the nobility will distrust Ariel.

 At least that was what Rudeus had thought.

 However, the actual situation is a little different.

 The man appeared only for a moment, killed Reida, and left without even giving his name.

 Thus, Orsted was dubbed 『Perugius's Underling』 in the eyes of the nobility.

 After all, they share the same hair, eyes, and have similar appearances.

 He reminded them of Perugius, who has the stature of a king.

 Perugius has an underling who can beat the Water God in one blow.

 Everyone there put their trust in Perugius.

 Memories prior to that were forgotten.

 (If you disobey, then you’re the next victim)

 With that thought, the nobles could only bow their heads to Ariel.

 No one dared to pry further into the matter.

 Ariel has returned to Asura.

 Darius has fled, possibly already dead.

 Ariel will kill all those who get in her way.

 Everyone there thought so …… even the First Prince Grabell.

 Orsted’s curse wielded enough power to do so.

 Everyone, except one.

 Because he knows Ariel better than anyone else.

 Because he has been informed of Orsted by Hitogami.

 Because he, even after being persuaded by Ariel, still didn’t fully trust Rudeus.

 That person is Luke Notus Greyrat.

 Luke was thinking.

 Really, what good can come from an evil man like that; the man whom Rudeus calls boss.

 Luke feels alarmed.

 And what will become of someone who ascended with their help?

 In this case, even Darius is still a better choice.

 Hitogami came out in his dream.

 Radiating a divine aura, its appearance can be called godlike,

 He gave Luke advice, going into great detail.

 What he must do in order for Ariel to become a King, and how Rudeus has been tempted by Evil.

 Ariel had lectured him before.

 His God is evil.

 She said his advice will lead Luke into a trap, with himself gaining benefit from their fall.

 Indeed, if you compared Hitogami’s prophecies with how events actually unfolded, there were many lies.

 No, rather than a lie, he should think it’s his own mistake in many cases.

 He himself misunderstood the advice and took a wrong step.

 He feels that way.

 Luke is Ariel’s knight.

 If his lord said so then he must believe her, more than the mysterious God. He’s going to believe in his lord.

 Even in that matter, for example.

 His duty is to follow his lord’s path blindly, live together, and be ready to die together.

 But when he came here, Luke was forced to recognize something.

 Looking at Orsted, he was forced to recognize.

 Luke only has good eyes regarding women.

 On the other hand, he can’t discern the true nature of man.

 He’s aware of it.

 But, he still knows.

 That Orsted is evil.

 He is not someone whom you want to associate with.

 He is a false god that will lead humans to their ruin.

 Ariel is wrong.

 And, Rudeus was probably fascinated by that false god.

 He thought so.

 Then…

 (Then, what should I do?)

 (When it’s become clear that my lord is walking the wrong path, what should I do?)

 State his opinion?

 It would be nice.

 But, to whom?

 Orsted has already moved.

 And he already gave his aid.

 In this situation it can be said that Grabell and Darius are the losers, Ariel has taken the kingship.

 Isn’t it too late?

 With my pitiful sword and magic skills, what can I do?

 Even if I did something, will there be a meaning in that?

 (I'm powerless.)

 Just as Luke was about to give up.

 One person suddenly entered his field of view.

 Moving in front of Ariel quickly, that person performed a kowtow kneeling.

 "Ariel-sama!"

 Philemon Notus Greyrat.

 Luke’s father.

 While giving a nasty smile, he lifted his voice to Ariel.

 To be heard to the many surrounding nobles.

 "Congratulations! This Philemon has awaited impatiently for this day for so long!"

 Saying that in a feigned happiness, Philemon looked up at Ariel.

 "In order to block Grabell’s faction, I pretended to change sides.

 Oh dear, now that I think of it, I really did not need to do that.

 Ariel-sama truly. It seems you’ve grown quite mature in a foreign country!"

 Although these might have been considered noble words, in the current situation they are the words of someone desperately clinging to their position.

 He is the one, who in order to gain Grabell’s trust, sent his own soldiers to assassinate Ariel.

 The other nobles saw Philemon with contemptuous eyes that said [How dare he say that now.]

 "Philemon-sama ……"

 "No, no, Ariel sama, you do not need to say it in front of everyone.

 I had few allies, so my actions may seem like a stab in the back.

 However, all that I have done was for Ariel-sama’s sake.

 Now that we’re here, let’s go back to the way we were.

 I’ll be the backing of Ariel-sama――"

 Ariel did not let him finish.

 "Philemon Notus Greyrat!"

 Her roar drowned out Philemon's groveling.

 "So what about your House!

 So what about your position!

 In regards to that betrayal, just state your true reason: because I was weak! "

 Philemon wide-eyed, looking at Ariel.

 This may be the first time Ariel shouted at Philemon in this way.

 "However, have pride to the last minute if you betray one's ally. After having lost and reconciled, to even seek a position. Know shame!"

 "Ha……Hu…… "

 Philemon looks around in shock, and starts stammering.

 "Ah. I don’t mean, no…"

 Looking at Philemon’s state, sounds of stifled laughter could be heard from the nobility.

 Philemon was looking down with a bright red face.

 But Ariel’s anger hasn’t subsided yet.

 "I’ve already planned for your betrayal, so your house could survive.

 I will give the position of family head to Luke, and you can retire in your territory,

 I did not intend to pursue the matter any further!

 But this!

 You betrayed your ally, and yet after that you still tried to cuddle with the one you betrayed!

 Such shameless action, even I am speechless!

 I’ve already made the decision that I won’t harm anyone, even the ones that didn’t side by me! "

 Philemon’s face becomes pale.

 "Apologize or face death!"

 Hearing that, Luke realized that this was a farce.

 From the beginning, Ariel had anticipated that it would become like this.

 She may say this now, but he won’t be executed.

 The agreement with Ghyslaine was just verbal promise.

 Ariel likely planned to spare Philemon.

 For Ariel, Philemon was her strongest ally.

 Although nowadays he’s become somewhat weakened, it is no exaggeration to say that before they ran away to Ranoa, Ariel’s faction revolved around Philemon.

 He cannot be considered loyal, and yet…

 Ariel was indebted to Philemon.

 The one who made arrangements for Ariel to escape to the North was Philemon.

 The one who provided assistance to Ariel was Philemon. 

 Ariel being alive now can be said is thanks to Philemon.

 She won’t forget that favor.

 But, just because he was forgiven after the betrayal, he wants to come back again.

 Allowing this would have a bad influence on Ariel’s political activities in the future.

 “Enough, if you don’t retract what you just said, I can’t hide what happened just now, thus execution.

 Luke! Lend me your Sword! At the very least, I'll personally perform the last rite for him."

 Listening to her words, Philemon saw Luke with a fearful look.

 His eyes were begging for help.

 Eyes focused on Luke.

 Luke was lost in response to that gaze.

 Part 2

 --- Luke's point of view ---

 I knew that my own father was a subservient and timid person.

 However, I also know there is no way it could be made known.

 Although he became a lord at a young age, my father’s job was a doormat, even in his son’s eyes he was a coward, he was dull.

 Even as a vassal he was degraded by Grandfather, saying [If only you were like Paul…] His decisions as lord, in Grandfather's eyes, were all unsatisfactory.

 When I was home, I witnessed this many times.

 My father would be troubled by his father, and I would suffer as a result.

 Now, such a father is about to be executed in front of me.

 It’s inception, but father reaps what he sowed.

 The promise with Sword King Ghyslaine is also involved.

 I would be lying if I said there was no possibility father was involved in the execution of Sauros Boreas Greyrat.

 Father’s and Sauros’s relationship was bad.

 Or rather, I would say grandfather and Sauros had a good relationship.

 The Head of Boreas House and the previous Head of Notus House were like brothers.

 But Sauros did not like Philemon.

 Before he became lord, Sauros did not hesitate to insult father.

 Even after becoming lord, Sauros sent complaints and bad-mouthed him at every opportunity.

 So, when Sauros was in trouble…

 I do not think it strange at all if my father had his hand in Sauros’s execution.

 If it was father, he would do it.

 Well, although I was upset when I heard it, that was due to Hitogami’s lie.

 When I see father’s face after eight years…

 He looked much older than the father I remembered, the father that I met for the first time in eight years looked small.

 "……"

 Suddenly, I remembered when I had wanted to talk man-to-man with father.

 I was young, I had a lot to talk about with my father.

 In retrospect, it seemed father favored my eldest brother.

 As the second son, I have come to terms with this.

 My father would not discuss important matters with me; but, when we did talk, he never held any bad intentions towards me.

 I did not know anything, and my father told me as much, but he helped me find my own answers.

 Although he told me [Think on your own], he still helped show me the way.

 He is still my father.

 My father is rarely right.

 He's clumsy and always makes mistakes in his decisions.

 But that father was always working hard for Ariel.

 Since we were ambushed as we departed for Asura Kingdom, I have been struggling with that father as an enemy.

 Why did that father act so selfishly?

 Although I refer to him as selfish, father was serving as the family head, so he had a duty to protect the house.

 After Ariel escaped from Asura, father was forced between a rock and a hard place trying to protect the house by aligning with Grabell.

 He even sent his soldiers to that ambush in order to protect the house.

 Father was desperate to gain Grabell's trust.

 "Ariel-sama, please listen to my request."

 "What is it, Luke?"

 "Will you please forgive my father?"

 Ariel is facing me.

 Her eyes are cold.

 Recently she has been looking at me with those eyes more and more.

 Particularly since she discovered father's betrayal.

 "… I cannot do that."

 "Is this because of the promise with Ghyslaine?"

 "No, this is because I cannot afford to allow betrayal."

 That’s right.

 Father and Ariel, no matter how friendly they were…

 My father betrayed her in a major way, and he even sent his soldiers to kill Ariel.

 If she allows this, she can not maintain her rule.

 Even I understand this.

 However, after all he has done, will Philemon Notus Greyrat still meet such an end?

 I do not know what that false god did to them.

 Rudeus and Ariel also might have been deceived.

 But, my father has betrayed Ariel.

 To rejoin Ariel's faction now means that he will have defected twice; calling it a shameless act is true.

 But I…

 I don’t want this.

 "……"

 I drew my sword…

 "…… Luke?"

 "I'm sorry."

 "What?"

 I did not know how I came to such an action.

 Before I had noticed, I had grabbed Ariel from behind…

 While holding my sword to her neck.

 "… Luke. What do you think you're doing?"

 Sylphy noticed immediately.

 She is glaring at me with a stern expression, I can feel her killing intent.

 This is the face that she absolutely never lets Rudeus see.

 In her hand is a wand for an apprentice magician.

 A small wand just like the one I used when I started to learn magic.

 However, I know. That wand can fire magic on par with even the best of Asura’s Court Magicians.

 Such a thing is aimed directly at me.

 "Sylphy, do you not think it’s strange?"

 "I think the strange one is you! Who do you think you have turned your blade on?"

 I'm aware that this is strange.

 It’s more like I do not know what I want to do now.

 Everyone's sight has focused on me.

 The nobles are wearing expressions as if they don't understand what's happening.

 …Is this it for me?

 Em, is this right?

 "Sylphy, do you really believe that man?"

 "That man? You mean Orsted? What are you talking about suddenly? What does that man have to do with this situation?! "

 "Answer me honestly!"

 To my strong tone, while holding her wand, Sylphy replied in a low voice.

 "I do not trust him."

 "Then why? Why do you follow Rudeus? Even after he became that devil's subordinate!"

 "It is because I believe in Rudi."

 I do not know the meaning of her words.

 "Rudeus has become Orsted’s subordinate. Didn't his behavior change? Isn't he being manipulated by Orsted!?"

 Honestly, it is not like I want to draw Sylphy to my side.

 However since Sylphy married Rudeus, she hasn't been thinking properly.

 She's been blindly following Rudeus, it's as if she no longer has her own opinions.

 The one who taught her this was me.

 Listen in silence to what your husband says to gain his love, he must have taught that to all his wives.

 …At least, I knew this because my mother did not do so.

 She didn't love my father, which led her to leave the house.

 "You, did you even think about it? That even Rudeus can make mistakes."

 Sylphy was incensed.

 "I know that! But Rudi is moving with the thought of protecting us! For us, to not hold our head down and appreciate his efforts, is like exposing our ugly side! I do what I must do, rather than saying anything that would annoy him or cause any misdirection, I take his side, because I will support him from behind! "

 Sylphy answered clearly.

 Rudeus was her only concern.

 In the last few years, I think she's changed quite a lot.

 "In that case, does Ariel-sama still matter to you?"

 As I said that, I pressed the sword against Ariel-sama's neck.

 What I’m pressing against her neck is the flat of the sword.

 After this, I will be executed as a traitor, but I cannot afford to scratch Ariel-sama’s skin.

 The skin of a woman should always be beautiful.

 "How dare you!"

 That's really true.

 And then, behind Sylphy, I saw Rudeus appear in the entranceway.

 His eyes started to widen at this scene.

 "Hey, Sylphy. You’ll respect Rudeus's opinion, even if that opinion comes from that evil Orsted?"

 "… Yes, I will always believe him."

 "In other words, it's this situation."

 I'm watching Rudeus.

 He’s trying to figure out the situation, looking over the surroundings restlessly.

 His eyes stopped for a moment, but soon turned away, looking disappointed.

 He had seen Perugius.

 Despite being in such a situation, Perugius is still sitting on his chair at the head table.

 He almost looks as if he's enjoying a particularly funny play.

 "If you want to help Ariel-sama, then kill Rudeus."

 Sylphy’s eyes widened.

 "If I said that, what would you do?"

 Sylphy has not looked behind her.

 She should not have noticed Rudeus.

 "If you had to choose between them, who will you choose?"

 Even if I do say so myself, this is a nasty question.

 I wonder why I asked such a question.

 It’s off topic.

 "I choose Rudi."

 Sylphy didn’t hesitate with her answer at all.

 At a rate that can almost be called an immediate answer, she answered yes.

 "I know it’s a bad choice for Ariel-sama, but if I’m forced to choose, I cannot turn my back against my husband or my child."

 Just a little bit, it is a lonely answer for me.

 It must be a lonely answer for Ariel as well.

 Rudeus is posing like [Incredible], holding his mouth with both hands.

 This guy, even after arriving late, is frustrating.

 "I will follow Rudi. I do not know what the result will be. We may fall into some serious problems, and may end up being killed by Orsted… But even at that time, I'm going to support Rudi. That way we will remain married for life."

 Those words struck me like an arrow.

 Oh, so there are things like that. I felt something churning in the pit of my stomach.

 Lost in my own thought, I only felt one answer come out…

 "……Haa."

 A small sigh came out.

 Really, I wonder what I’m doing.

 Did I made a mistake and put Ariel in danger?

 I also, even if she did not like that, wanted to be there for Ariel.

 As her knight, our relationship is not unlike being married for life.

 Orsted is the false god.

 Between Hitogami and Orsted, Hitogami is certainly more believable.

 However, between Ariel and Hitogami, who’s more believable.

 It goes without saying.

 It's fine to just watch over Ariel's choices, obey her, and then protect her, without any regard for myself, if anything goes wrong.

 I was fine with that.

 Ah, all my reason is coming back to me.

 "So, Luke."

 Ariel finally speaks.

 She has been silent all this time until she heard my sigh.

 "In the end Sylphy chose Rudeus over me, will you cut me down then?"

 "What?"

 "If so, I want to talk to my little brother before I’m cut down. Can I at least ask him to grant safe passage for Sylphy and them out of the country, please? "

 Ariel, said so in a low tone.

 "Are you not going to ask me why?"

 "Yeah."

 I was saddened.

 After everything that has happened I have no excuse, but she, Ariel, thought that I was betraying her.

 The one who has been together with her for as long as I can remember,

 The one who has served her so faithfully all these years,

 The one who would gladly serve as her shield,

 Even now, the first one that I've always though of is Ariel-sama.

 She thought I was someone who would betray her at the last minute.

 However, with her following words, that idea disappeared.

 "Just one thing, Luke."

 "…?"

 "I am your princess."

 Tears almost came out.

 For me, that word was enough.

 Even now, Ariel is still sees me as her knight.

 She didn’t think I want to betray her.

 She thinks that I absolutely won’t betray her.

 This, even in a situation with a sword pressed to her neck,

 And she did not think that I wanted to betray her.

 "…"

 Discarding the sword, I released Ariel.

 The tense atmosphere immediately relaxed with the dry clang.

 I knelt and looked up at Ariel.

 Eyes frosty as ever, she looked down at me.

 "Luke, what are you?"

 "I’m your knight."

 Ariel smiled softly.

 Looking at that smile, I bowed my head, it was a pose to show the neck by dividing the hair.

 "So, please cut the neck of this traitor."

 I still don’t want to die.

 I still have many things I want to do.

 But, it is good.

 I’m satisfied.

 "……"

 Ariel picked up the sword, and lifted it heavily with one hand.

 She strikes my head with the blunt side of the sword.

 Dull pain courses through my brain.

 "Luke. You, the playboy, unable to endure your sudden urge, hugged me and groped my body."

 "……?"

 "Originally it is an act that is not allowed, but given that I was also horny, I'll forgive you."

 I looked up at Ariel.

 Smiling mischievously, she gave me a wink.

 That smile is one I haven’t seen for a long time.

 Nowadays, she only carries a fake smile. This is the smile from her younger days.

 "Haah…"

 I was forgiven.

 Even though my speech and action were a betrayal, I was forgiven.

 I was not blamed.

 "Well, then."

 When I take a breath, Ariel turned around to my pale father.

 My father humbled himself upon seeing her gaze.

 "What shall I do?”

 My father’s judgement.

 By forgiving my betrayal, the air in the place has changed a little.

 Generosity seems to be in the air.

 However, my father’s crime is heavy.

 He tried to take Ariel's life.

 If you try to make excuses you will not be forgiven as I was.

 You did not act without reason.

 While I was in thought, Rudeus approached us and spoke.

 "Earlier, Darius had claimed that Sauros-sama’s execution was his own plot. Philemon-sama didn’t participate in it "

 "…What happened to Darius?"

 "Dead… I killed him."

 "…Is that so, then let’s put all the blame on Darius."

 As she said that, Ariel turned to face behind me.

 Unaware, Eris and Ghyslaine were already behind me.

 If I had kept holding Ariel, I might have been cut down from behind.

 "Ghyslaine, is that alright with you?"

 "I…"

 Ghyslaine has a dissatisfied face.

 Does she want to cut off my father’s head so much?

 And then there's Eris pulling Ghyslaine’s tail tightly.

 Ghyslaine looked surprised and trembled at that sensation. She focused on Eris.

 When she released her hand, Eris raised her chin and folded her hands.

 "Ghyslaine. My grandfather’s enemy, please endure him a while longer!"

 "…If Eris-ojousama says so."

 At those words, Ariel turned towards my father with a satisfied look.

 "So that’s how it is, Philemon-sama. You’ll receive judgement at a later time."

 "Ha …!"

 That's certainly generous towards my father, he was prostrating on the floor.

 You will not go without blame, but at least your life has been spared.

 "Luke… I'm sorry…"

 His voice was weak, but I felt his warmth.

 I looked around.

 While saying something, Sylphy is clinging to Rudeus who was patting her head.

 With her face down embarrassed, altogether Sylphy’s appearance doesn’t look too bad.

 Eris is talking about something with Ghyslaine.

 I heard her voice because it’s loud, but she is talking proudly, [Rudeus said this before, this is what's called reading the atmosphere.]

 Perugius is unchanged.

 From what I can see, he still has an amused expression.

 I wonder if there is something amusing for Armored Dragon King-sama in the exchange just now.

 My father remains kneeling.

 His figure is still small, but seems to be somewhat more composed.

 And crying over the dead body of the Water God is apprentice knight Isolte or something.

 There is no sign of her coming after us.

 Darius seems to be dead.

 With his strongest backer gone, Grabell sits on a chair exhausted.

 Some nobles still flock aroubd him, but they will not be able to much longer…

 Nobles from Ariel’s faction are looking over with puzzled faces.

 Among them, Tris is standing with her parents.

 There are no more enemies.

 Thus, the curtain falls on the battle for Asura Kingdom.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
