Volume 18  14 — Return and Determination

Volume 18 Chapter 14 - Return and Determination

 

 Part 1

 Magic City Sharia, has not changed at all from two months ago.

 Well, some house are built, and the city walls finished construction.

 That's all.

 Various feelings accumulate inside my chest.

 Orsted promised my family's safety.

 To reunite with my family only to find Sharia turned into a pile of ashes and dust.

 Donning a headband, Ariel and I would enter into war planning with our president.

 Well, I’m relieved that I could joke about nothing in particular.

 Passing through the square, we arrived in front our house.

 There is no change whatsoever to my house.

 It is not burnt, frozen, nor covered in thorns…

 Beat was photosynthesizing in the garden, shaking its branch.

 Jirou the Armadillo was taking a nap in the kennel.

 Peaceful.

 "I’m home!"

 "Welcome home!"

 Upon opening the front door, with a [Tatatata], Aisha jumped out.

 Full of spirit, she jumped straight into my chest.

 I'm fine.

 Above all, this does not seem to change.

 "The souvenirs? Have you bought souvenirs?"

 "Yes, here is yours."

 In a split second, Eris retrieved a box from the luggage.

 Suddenly moving away from me, Aisha received it.

 "Wow! Eris-nee, thank you!"

 Aisha opened the box immediately and removed what was inside.

 A ceramic that looks like a rice paddle.

 An exquisite relief is engraved on the handle.

 Looking at it, Aisha’s eyes was beaming.

 "It’s a mirror! Like the one I saw at Shirone!"

 "Yes."

 Perhaps because of trade with Begaritto continent, Asura kingdom was selling many glasswork products.

 Because it was only a short traveling time this time, I mainly bought glassworks and mirrors.

 "Wo~~w……amazi~~ing! It’s amazing!"

 "Fufun, you seem to like it!"

 Looking at Aisha making a happy face, Eris boasted that she chose it with Sylphy.

 Although Eris’s sense is not bad, her original choice was too simple.

 "When I look at myself, I am really cute…!"

 While Aisha is praising herself, she is spinning round and round.

 Lilia comes out a moment later, hitting Aisha on the head and adding in some rotation.

 Watching a full spirited Aisha, somehow I feel relieved.

 They’re alright and full of vigor.

 "… Lilia-san, Nothing strange happened right?"

 I asked for now.

 Lilia nodded lightly, expressionless as usual.

 "Yes, we’re all alright."

 "Is that so."

 It’s good.

 It was really good.

 Just as my heart begins to settle, Aisha’s expression suddenly darkened.

 "Oh! But Onii-chan… Roxy-nee is…"

 Roxy!?

 What happen to Roxy!?

 … No way, a miscarriage!?

 No, if it’s like that Lilia would have told me.

 Or did she have to be hospitalized because her condition is bad?

 "Roxy-nee~ is…"

 And, when Aisha just stopped her words.

 My line of sight is directed to a door leading to the living room.

 From there, Roxy’s face pokes out.

 It looks like she is in low spirits.

 "Roxy, I’m back."

 At least, she does not look unhealthy.

 I cannot see, but she doesn’t look injured.

 She is very healthy-looking.

 "Rudi, welcome back."

 Saying that, she remained in that pose and replied without coming here.

 "I expected it to take a little more time, but it seems everything went well since you’ve come back as planned."

 "Yes. Ariel-sama won the political war safely."

 Well, it’s not complete victory yet,

 News that [Princess Ariel is dead!] might arrive at a later date…

 Well, there is no need to say such a thing.

 It’s because those are the President’s instructions.

 "Really? That’s good."

 Roxy still doesn’t reveal herself.

 She is only showing her face.

 Only face, it can’t be that her body became more plump.

 You mean……Roxy has become chubby!?

 Roxy's gonna say, there is a myth that her body will continue to become more plump even after giving birth!

 It’s not like you care about gaining weight?

 Because most likely Eris’s weight, is about twice that of Roxy?

 "Oh, I'll tell you something Onii-chan. Roxy-nee somehow become a little too naive recently so you must tell her gently "

 Aisha’s words.

 Naive.

 When their weight increases during pregnancy, so too does their anxiety.

 And, now that she’s uneasy, it's my job to reassure her.

 "It is not naive."

 "Well, why have you been hiding your body all this time?"

 When Sylphy said so, Roxy showed her body reluctantly.

 I left my house, for about two months.

 In the meantime, Roxy’s stomach has become fairly larger.

 If you think about it, with the weight increase during pregnancy it’s a matter of course.

 Because it’s made… for holding the child inside.

 Even so, her chest looks a little bigger.

 Maybe some breast milk come out.

 Yeah, let’s taste it later…

 Even so, she is an Migurd of the Magic Race… I wonder if they didn’t change as much as the human race.

 "Recently, I feel my body is not like my body. My stomach swelling, the inside moving here and there. Everyone said there is no need to be worry, but…"

 "Oh, I understand. I also experienced it. But, at that time Rudi was not here."

 With Sylphy’s addition, my chest stung a little…

 I'm so sorry.

 Indeed, although it couldn’t be helped at that time, I’m sorry.

 "Ugh, Sylphy… Roxy… I'm sorry"

 "What? Oh, Rudi, I didn’t mean that. I’m not gonna blame you for that."

 She was taken aback and said that, while her line of sight was swimming here and there.

 "Well, Eris-san. Is it alright for me to spend my time alone with Rudi today?"

 "Oh? Heh, Th -, that 's alright"

 Eris was looking at Roxy’s stomach and her own alternately.

 I wonder if she had thought about her own pregnancy turn.

 "So Rudi, with this you must spend your time with Roxy now, as for luggage, leave it to me… well, I wonder where is Lucy? "

 "Zenith-sama is playing with Lucy-sama on the second floor."

 "So that’s where she is, thank you Lilia-san… ho~ra Eris come on."

 "Okay."

 Without waiting for my reply, those two go upstairs carrying the luggage.

 Part 2

 Thus, Roxy and I moved to the living room.

 In the living room, the sacred beast Leo was curling in front of the fireplace.

 At the corner of the room, there is Jirou the Armadillo.

 When Leo saw me he started barking happily and approached me while wagging his tail.

 When I pat his head, he begins to lick my hand.

 Oh, this guy loves it.

 "……"

 I sit on the sofa alongside Roxy.

 Somehow, she doesn’t want to show her body line too much to me, so she's only wearing a loose dress.

 I wonder if she is worried about her body line disappearing.

 Even though I think her current figure is attractive enough.

 "Roxy?"

 "Erm, how was your work? Did it go so well that you came back as scheduled?"

 "Haven’t I already said that before?"

 It’s unusual for Roxy to be panicking.

 What happened to her. And the panicking Roxy is so cute.

 Don't tempt me with such a cute reaction.

 Although, during the journey there is no such thing that happened,

 Feeling a sense of security from having completed my job, it seems my worldly desires have increased.

 Anyway, the person who was a little naive suddenly appeared erotic.

 As a man-that-you-could-easily-read, I must be careful to not show my desire too much.

 Let's just give her some caring words.

 All right.

 "Err… your stomach has grown quite big, Can I pat it?"

 "N, No good!"

 Immediate answer.

 It’s no good?

 W, Well, she is at her delicate time.

 "Touching my breasts is also a NO."

 I was told ahead.

 It seems she already thinks that I want to grope her breast like always.

 Well, I can’t deny that.

 "Recently, this yellow stuff comes out."

 "I see."

 Sylphy also experienced that, the sign of breast milk coming.

 It could be treated by massaging them, but I can’t do that.

 "Well, how about the head?"

 When I said that, Roxy moved her head toward me.

 I stroke her head.

 Her hair is smooth and it feels good in my fingers.

 Stomach and chest are a NO go.

 But head is good.

 I must draw the line first.

 I look for a breakthrough at the last minute.

 "Ass?"

 "…well, that’s alright."

 While blushing, Roxy gave me an OK.

 Seems to be good.

 I stroked without reserve.

 Round.

 Eh, unsatisfied, no it’s different.

 It's not that, it's that of a child.

 "Eerrrr… Roxy, I think I could help you as much as possible "

 “R, Really? But, you don’t have to overdo it. Aisha could do it, and didn’t Rudi have many things to do? "

 "There are indeed a lot of things to do, but, even I understand that a pregnant woman takes priority over those things. I’ll do anything from helping you down the stairs to helping you bathing."

 "Eh, bathing!?"

 Roxy overreacted to the word bath.

 What.

 Stomach and chest is a NO, but ass and head is a YES, yet a bath is not good.

 Argh.

 "It that so… Rudi, so you’d like to help washing me in the bath…"

 Oh, I would love it.

 Using a cloth or my hands, I would love them both.

 But I must be patient and hold myself back when I do, even if I’m a little backed up.

 "Rudi… since you will find out about this sooner or later, I need to tell you something. "

 "Yes."

 As if she resigned, Roxy was facing toward me.

 It's a serious face.

 That one?

 It must be serious, I wonder if it's something beyond my imagination.

 like that actually the baby in her stomach is infected with a horrible disease.

 Maybe a voice saying [Call me Great Emperor of the Demon World!] can be heard from the stomach…

 No, if that’s the case, Lilia would have definitely told me.

 It is an abnormal situation no matter how you look at it.

 Then, I wonder what.

 Ha ha, you don’t mean that the child inside Roxy’s stomach is saying [I’m not Rudi’s child].

 The child has a tail or horn when born.

 Oh come on, spare me from such fate…

 "……"

 Roxy, making a serious face, unbuttoned her clothing.

 She then rolled up her dress and showed me her stomach.

 Her white stomach swelled greatly, her navel poking out a bit.

 Cute.

 Yeah, it’s cute.

 Only that.

 There is nothing such as a strange spot on the skin…

 "What is the problem?"

 "I guess you will understand if you see it?"

 I heard it but i don’t know where the weird part is…

 "Ah… The navel pokes out, I guess?"

 Hmm.

 Certainly it is a protruding navel.

 I wonder if this is what she means.

 I guess… I’d better not question a pregnant woman about that.

 "…Yeah… Uuu, is it not strange after all?"

 Apparently, Roxy is quite stubborn in this matter.

 Well, she's certainly naive.

 There is no big deal even when seen.

 But, it is important for the person herself.

 There was such a thing too.

 "…no, it is very cute."

 "Now, I will not be deceived. There was a slight pause in your answer."

 "It’s not a lie; I don’t care about that type of thing,"

 "It is a lie. Because, didn’t Rudi say it before. [Roxy’s stomach is the best after all.] while you licked my navel."

 I can be such a fool.

 Even by me… that such words could have left such a deep impression in her feelings.

 Oh, but no, it could be said, that saying something appropriate when you’re on the bed is ok.

 "Since that day, I’ve always seriously cleaned my navel. Look at this, Rudi’s favorite navel, probably you were disappointed? "

 "I’m not."

 I was able to answer immediately this time.

 I didn’t have a navel fetish.

 If it’s Roxy body, even if she could fire a missile from her navel, I would still worship her.

 Oh, I remembered now.

 Certainly I seem to lick her navel in the midst of adult sumo at night, Roxy was very shy.

 So she needs to be earnestly praised here.

 "Rudi, I will not be deceived. You’re just saying that."

 However, Roxy did not believe me.

 Muu~.

 "I don’t want to be deceived, so please show it with action."

 "What should I do?"

 Speaking of what I'm able to do, I’m a true devotee of the Roxy cult.

 I am fine with making a speech and performing rituals before a congregation of more than 10 million people.

 However this would take time, I can't afford to say it right now.

 Lost in thought, Roxy moved her stomach towards me.

 "Please lick it."

 "Is that alright?"

 I unknowingly spit that out after receiving such outrageous words from Roxy.

 To order me to do such a thing.

 Rather, won’t you say it’s a reward.

 I wonder if it’s okay to ask that.

 No, I can’t take it too seriously.

 This is the will of the God.

 All right.

 Please put your hands together!

 I, TA, DA, KI, MA, SU!

 "…"

 I licked.

 While pushing away Leo’s approaching nose, I'm licking Roxy’s navel.

 Just then, something moved in the belly.

 Moving [Bikun] and [Pokon] with quite a force,

 Because I touch it with my tongue, I noticed it.

 Roxy also noticed.

 I looked up at her eyes and her body stiffened.

 "It moved,"

 "…it’s probably trying to say welcome home to its father. "

 I hug her body.

 I pat Roxy’s stomach.

 Despite what she said just now, she didn’t reject it.

 A warm stomach.

 The baby won’t feel a chill.

 "……"

 Roxy is no longer feeling shy.

 With a cherished look, she put her hand over mine.

 "Thank you Rudi. It was like Sylphy said, right? Somehow, I am relieved."

 Hearing Roxy words, for some reason I was also relieved.

 "Again, welcome home Rudi."

 "I'm home."

 I came back to my home.

 Part 3

 The next day, I gave homecoming greetings to each of my friends.

 Zanoba, Cliff, Elinalise.

 Nanahoshi too, when I stopped by in the Sky Fortress.

 Come to think of it, my number of acquaintances in the magic city Sharia has also reduced by quite a fair amount.

 Most of them have left the town.

 Zanoba and Cliff will also leave someday.

 While thinking so, I proceed to my destination.

 It’s evening already.

 Under the orange sky, the place I arrived at is a cemetery.

 Round gravestones are lined up at this quiet area.

 It’s not recommended to come at such a time since demons may appear, but I have no choice.

 Because it’s time to pay my respects.

 Entering, I greeted the gravekeeper and went to stand in front of a specific tomb.

 Paul Greyrat.

 That name is written on the round gravestone.

 I clasp my hands in front of the tombstone that still looks new.

 "Dad, this time it ended with no one dying."

 Placing the liquor I bought at the Royal Capital and the flowers I purchased in the neighborhood, I recounted my journey.

 Orsted's matter, Hitogami’s matter.

 And, the fight in the Asura Kingdom.

 "There, I also met your brother, my uncle. He looks similar to father, but his mind seemed rather weak."

 I remember Philemon’s face.

 In some ways his face resembled Paul’s.

 His figure too, but their personalities differed. That was probably because he was the younger brother.

 "That person also survived. Your nephew risked his own live to protect his father. Honestly, I was a bit envious of him."

 Luke kept his father from being executed.

 I didn’t hear everything that was said, but the scene was clearly reflected in my eyes.

 Philemon is not a praiseworthy man in any aspect.

 I also intended to kill him at first but…

 Looking at Luke's figure protecting him, for some reason I just couldn’t do that.

 "Then I killed a person. Although, I did not personally deliver the killing blow… He tried to kill me and I fought back. And now he is dead. I don’t regret what happened, but it did leave quite a bad aftertaste."

 Actually, it’s not my first time killing someone.

 If I think back, there is a previous case.

 It’s not like there was anything special this time.

 But for some reason, only this time had it left a deep scar on my mind.

 Surely, it was because I listened to the Water God Reida’s story.

 "……"

 I reflect on that event.

 This time, everything somehow turned out alright.

 No one dying is my number one priority and I have achieved that objective.

 But, at the last moment.

 It was at that last moment.

 If something had went even slightly wrong, someone might have died.

 Even though my goal was achieved, the overall results remained, becoming a lump in my heart.

 This time, I have indeed succeeded.

 It was a satisfactory, total victory.

 But, it seems there are still many points to reflect on too.

 For example, in the preparation stage, if I got in touch with Ariel earlier.

 Then maybe Hitogami would be unable to make Luke his apostle and he wouldn’t disrupt us on our journey.

 Well, because of that Ariel made contact with Orsted, so that was a positive result.

 If I could have defeated Auber in Red Dragon’s Upper Jaw.

 If Orsted didn’t come after the Water God activated her 『Deprivation Sword Kingdom』.

 If Auber didn’t carry his antidote.

 Well, it’s pointless to think about this now.

 However, there is only one thing I can say.

 Hitogami is not dead.

 Although the job is over, the fight is still far from over. 

 Then it's still ongoing.

 In the future… that fight, will probably be chaotic down to the last minute.

 I was lucky this time.

 … Well, I’ve been lucky up until now, I guess.

 Until now, I wonder why I haven't failed that much.

 Maybe it’s because I never expected to fail.

 For example, when Paul died.

 I thought that it was the best outcome, given that it couldn’t be helped.

 Indeed, at that time and moment, I gave it my best.

 There were some points where my judgement erred and I made the wrong choice.

 But at that time, I did everything I could.

 In the end, an ending I couldn’t hope for came to pass.

 Such a result could have been avoided.

 It was unlucky.

 It was not inevitable.

 But, is it really like that?

 Then, if I had good luck, Paul would have survived.

 Yes, he would.

 With the Hydra’s last attack, Paul died.

 He would probably still be alive if he was lucky.

 In the event of a fluke, I wonder what would change.

 In reverse, we might have gotten unlucky and someone would become injured on the way, forcing us to retreat.

 What about if the circumstances were different, if we just had one more helping hand…

 When it comes down to it, luck is a flaky thing.

 From now on.

 Should I rely on luck to protect my family?

 This time, many people could have died.

 Especially, Eris who was seriously wounded at the shoulder, struck by a poisoned Kunai.

 She could have stood on the brink of death, clinging to luck.

 Then, in the last minute, she could succumb to death.

 Can I really rely on luck?

 No, one must reinforce their luck through action.

 A human’s abilities have limits and sometimes there is nothing that you can do about it.

 But, for example, in this case.

 If I had done just a little more.

 If I was just a little stronger.

 What would have happened if I was cornered?

 How would things change?

 A few changes here and there, and all of my plans could have crumbled.

 What do I need more of?

 I need to take charge with my own hands.

 I need to become stronger.

 I need to train harder.

 Now, I must fight against Hitogami as Orsted’s underling.

 I was saved at the last minute, surviving by a thin margin.

 In order to not let him kill my helpless family.

 I must become someone who can properly protect them.

 So, let me renew my determination once more.

 "Dad, I will do my best in the future. So, please watch over me."

 Saying that at the end, I left the cemetery.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
