Volume 19  2 — Borrowed Cat

Volume 19 Chapter 2: Borrowed Cat

 

 Part 1

 I finished work safely this time around.

 Rescuing the hunter Fam Haindora that was supposed to die in that forest.

 When I heard the details on the mission, I thought it would be an easy job.

 Healing the village chief's son with Detoxification magic, and getting rid of that fake dragon in the forest.

 It's very easy.

 What I didn't know was that Fam was already inside the forest.

 I finally managed to catch up with them after anxiously chasing after them, but Fam was almost dead.

 That was dangerous.

 When I got to her, she was already unconscious which caused me to break into a cold sweat.

 While carrying her on my back, I continuously used healing magic on her.

 At the same time, Ange the pharmacist was with Fam.

 She was also dangerous.

 Too voluptuous. That girl was certainly a femme fatale.

 One misstep and I might have pushed her down.

 It would have been instant death had I not brought with me the replica of the Divine Relic just in case.

 Of course, I wanted to bring the original that is still enshrined in the altar, but there was no choice. If the other party were to ask for it back, I don’t have any choice but to return it. So this was the only option.

 "Whew…"

 Anyway, I better get back home quickly.

 Go home and pat my daughter's head.

 Eat rice cooked by Aisha for dinner during the evening, and do erotic things with my wives once the night is out.

 It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say it’s my raison d'etre.

 It is also no exaggeration to say that in my every day life, I’m going back home only for that.

 While I was thinking of these things, I arrived at my house.

 As I approached the entrance gates, the Beet's branches suddenly moved and the door was opened for me.

 Since when can it do that? I wonder if it's an automatic door now.

 Meh.

 Jirou the Armadillo was not in his bed. Maybe he's still with Roxy at school.

 Zenith was enjoying her lunch in the garden, while Lilia was airing the laundry.

 Upon seeing me, Lilia lowered her head and went inside the house.

 "I'm home."

 "Oh, it's the voice of my brother! Welcome home, Onii-chan! Sorry, your sister is a little bit busy now to welcome you, but at least I could say Welcome back!"

 I heard that voice from the basement.

 That is Aisha's voice.

 "I hear you."

 What was Aisha doing?

 I wonder if she is organizing her fertilizer?

 "Welcome back Rudi."

 While I was thinking of that, Sylphy came towards me from the living room.

 Behind her is Lucy, following her like a baby duck.

 "I’m home Sylphy… this time I feel so tired."

 "Thank you for your hard work."

 Sylphy took my robe, then she cleaned it making *papapa* sounds with the duster and hung it with a hanger.

 By the way, the Magic Armor was left at the office.

 Besides the entrance, I installed a large mirror. I'm looking like a young man that just entered society in this world.

 But, the me today was quite tired.

 I feel like a salaryman that just came home from work.

 "Papa, welcome back"

 And when I looked at myself in the mirror, Lucy welcomed me.

 Her hair color is bright brown, and she looks dignified.

 She's almost three years old now and her face is handsome like an elf infant.

 Her ears are shorter than her mother's, but she looks very similar to Sylphy in her childhood.

 Just like that, she stood there quietly, and welcomed me.

 Oh!

 Papa, Welcome back!

 Aaa!

 "Lucy~~ ~~ I'm home!"

 When I tried to give her a hug, she suddenly ran away and hid herself behind Sylphy.

 She is glaring at me with vigilance.

 Shock!

 Oh, do I look that dangerous?

 sob*

 "Come on, Lucy"

 "Nooooo~~ ~~"

 Sylphy scolded Lucy and held her hand towards me.

 I caught it immediately.

 Lucy's hand was very small, and warm.

 Sylphy is right, her body temperature is higher than normal.

 Maybe because she is a bit thin.

 Or, was it a characteristic of the elf race?

 Oh? Nope, Lucy-Tan, huh, huh …… Chu-chu, just give Papa a welcome kiss on the cheek, Uhehe.

 "Noo, it's scratchy!"

 She hurriedly avoided me when I tried to give her some kisses.

 Come to think of it, I did not shave at work.

 Regret regret.

 Anyway, though I’m a bit reluctant, I will stop for now.

 Yeah, I don’t want to force her when she doesn't want to.

 I don’t want her to hate me.

 When I put Lucy down, she immediately ran pit-patting towards the dining room, fleeing from me.

 Did she really hate me so much?

 (′?ω?`).

 "Sheesh, that Lucy…"

 Sylphy sighed while posing with her hand at her hip.

 But, compared to before, I think Lucy was beginning to open herself up to me.

 She already could call me Daddy, and no longer made a [Who is this guy?] kind of face.

 I feel that there is still a little distance… but, it can’t be helped.

 "Ah…"

 For now, in order to regain the warmth that I lost, I embraced Sylphy.

 Kissing her, and groping her butt while doing so.

 "Really, Rudi…"

 Oh, somehow I got turned on.

 I wonder if I could take her to the bedroom right now.

 But, doing that when the children are still awake…

 "We can’t do this now, let’s do this later."

 "Okay."

 Being told so, I released her.

 Anyway, as long as I make love to my wives, that femme fatale's scent would be blown away.

 "Where are Lara and Roxy?"

 "Lara is in the living room, and Roxy is still at school."

 Following Sylphy's answer, I went to the living room with her.

 Lara was sleeping in the cradle.

 Lara Greyrat.

 My second daughter.

 A baby with beautiful blue hair.

 But, probably because she has a deadpan expression, I could feel many “Ba~” intense sound effects can be heard around her bed.

 Leo curled himself below the baby cradle. Well, I won't get in between him and his prided charge.

 "Lara, I'm home."

 "U~Oh!"

 Even though Lara is still young, she could already understand me.

 Even though not even a year has passed since her birth.

 Possibly, the children of my house are geniuses.

 Or perhaps this time around it's a reincarnated person.

 But, she didn’t respond to English or Japanese as usual.

 But, I never get her saying [Thank you for your hard work, now please take a rest for a while.] Nah, it’s probably because of her deadpan expression.

 I wonder if she will grow into a proud looking girl in the future.

 "Lara, she doesn't cry or laugh much, so I’m a little worried…"

 Sylphy is worried about Lara in a different sense from me.

 Although, I think that's okay.

 I mean, I was also that way in the past.

 This is of no concern.

 No doubt about it.

 Well, still, I understood Sylphy's concern.

 The treatment towards someone with a mental disability in this world was very different from my original world.

 "Well, it's okay. Even if something were to happen, she is still part of this family."

 "I know that, but I get the feeling that Roxy would feel responsible."

 "I will give her a loving hug if the time comes."

 While stroking Leo that came to lick my hand, I simply told that to Sylphy.

 But it’s likely that Roxy will feel responsible.

 I'm just really happy that I have a new daughter…

 I'm wondering, somehow, Roxy was showing her perfectionist side.

 "Huh?"

 And, that’s when I noticed something.

 Eris is not here.

 She is always competing with Aisha in welcoming me.

 And she's always making me touch her stomach and saying [Yes!]

 So as to indicate it was becoming larger steadily.

 At those times, I would also rub her breasts and get beaten in turn. It’s always that kind of pattern, but…

 Today, that didn’t happen for some reason.

 I wonder what happened to her?

 "Where is Eris?"

 "Ah."

 When I asked that, Sylphy showed me a troubled face.

 "Somehow, she's been having a little dispute with Aisha since this morning."

 "Eh? What? Do you mean they got into a quarrel?"

 "Quarrel…? I wonder if that could be called quarreling… unnnn…"

 Sylphy gave me a vague answer.

 One look is worth a hundred explanations.

 "I understand, let me see them."

 "Right."

 After patting Lara's head, we left the room.

 By the way, Lucy was peeking at us from the gap of the door, but when our eyes met, she quickly escaped to the second floor with a *dotadota* sound.

 Even if I had the urge to chase after Lucy, I walked towards the basement first.

 Part 2

 Going down the stairs to the basement, we found Aisha knocking on the basement floor's door.

 "Eris-nee, come on, in this house we already have Leo, Jirou, and Beat. "

 "I know that!"

 Aisha was knocking the door, and Eris was answering from the other side.

 "What's the matter?"

 Hearing my voice, Aisha turned her head.

 "Ah, Onii-chan, Listen! It looks like Eris-nee picked up a stray cat this morning, it kept meowing since this morning."

 "A cat."

 So it’s a cat.

 Well, Eris is indeed an animal lover.

 In my heart, I'm not as endeared towards them.

 But I quite like Leo, so I guess I’m in the dog faction.

 Everyone, we must answer goodwill with goodwill.

 "It's not that I hate cats, but don’t we already have three other pets in the house? So I told her to at least ask for Onii-chan's permission, but she wouldn't listen."

 I see.

 Looks like my input is necessary.

 For once, I’m the head of the family.

 "We can keep it."

 "Really!?"

 A joyous voice could be heard from the other side of the door.

 I think I need to pamper Eris who is in her pregnancy once in a while.

 Adding a cat or two won’t affect the household too much, it’s quite cheap.

 "However, there is a baby and Lucy, and I won’t be home so much. So, you must discipline it properly. "

 "Of course! I know that!"

 Hearing Eris's joyful voice, Aisha turned her face towards me.

 "Mu~, then I must devote extra time to buy their food. "

 Oh, so this is increasing Aisha's workload…

 Perhaps, her O meter of taking care of the pregnant Eris is nearing its max.

 "Aisha, I'm sorry."

 "Don’t worry, Onii-chan. After all, you gave your permission. "

 "I'm sorry, I will make it up to you later. "

 "Geeze, there's nothing I can say, then…"

 After gently patting her head, her mood improved somewhat.

 But, probably because she was loosening her hairstyle, her face looks a bit complicated.

 "Then Eris, please open the door."

 "Okay."

 After saying that, the door to the basement opened slowly.

 From inside, Eris's lips, forming a “へ” character showed themselves.

 She's not showing any signs of weakness pregnant women typically have.

 So this is how King-class swordswomen take pregnancy.

 "……"

 And, through the open door, I looked inside the basement.

 I examined the cat sitting down the basement, it breathed deeply and had a collar around its neck.

 It was a splendid cat.

 Though it was dirty, her ears were standing and her tail was waving to and fro.

 Not only that.

 What I first noticed were her breasts.

 Large breasts. I wondered if they are about the same size as Eris's.

 She is wearing torn rags, which could barely hide her chest and waist.

 Supple and plump thighs, healthy brown skin and a tail which moved freely.

 "Ah! Boss, long time no see nya! I won’t forget this favor forever, nya!"

 "This morning, on the way back I picked her up! Her name is Rinia!"

 Rinia Dedorudia.

 My senpai. A beast race female who graduated from the magic university a few years back.

 Aa~, such memories.

 I get it.

 All right.

 "Throw her out!"

 "No!"

 The door was slammed in front of my face.

 Part 3

 It took an hour to make that door open again.

 After which we decided to move to the living room to hear her story.

 Anyway, looks like Eris picked up Rinia while accompanying Leo for a walk.

 She is already in her fifth month of pregnancy.

 After her condition stabilized, Eris started to take Leo out for walks again.

 Her first exercise is light walks.

 I could certainly feel her strong will.

 Well, I also think some light exercising isn't bad for pregnant women.

 While walking nearby the slave market area, that incident happened.

 First, from hiding, she told, that Rinia suddenly leaped towards her.

 Then, following her were rough-looking men.

 Sadly, Rinia's tail got caught…that’s business.

 Eris, after seeing that, immediately came to a decision.

 She drew the sword from her hip, giving help to the poor soul [nekomimi], and slashed the area between the two.

 She then brought the spoils of war [Rinia] back home feeling triumphant.

 "I am the one who helped her so she is mine! I’ll raise her!"

 And, Eris was determined.

 Claiming the ownership over Rinia like a bandit.

 "…Y, Yes, I’m Eris-sama's property nya!"

 Rinia saying that, she placed her ears above Eris's knee.

 Her body was still shivering but I only saw a little shiver on her plump body.

 She was trembling in fear.

 Waving her tail to the strong, that’s the law of the beast.

 Well, it's okay … but.

 "By the way Rinia, why were you on the street? No, why are you here in this city?"

 Certainly, that day, the day we parted with Rinia in an evening sun.

 Saying she will become a great merchant, as her gallant figure walked out of the city.

 And now, here she is wearing rags like a slave, and appearing dirty.

 "Want to hear nya? It’s a long story, full of tears……… "

 "Give me a short summary."

 "Nya."

 She left town after graduating from the school, and said that she will become a merchant.

 She purchased goods from Asura Kingdom and took them to the North and sold them.

 She then purchased goods from the North, and sold them to Asura Kingdom.

 In other words, work as a peddler.

 For that reason, she purchased a horse drawn carriage with loan.

 Taking this opportunity, she also stocked up on goods.

 Also with a loan.

 Usually, you would do a round trip to the next town by foot and do that repeatedly to earn little by little, but…

 In short, she wanted to earn big money in one trip.

 And, as a result, her debt interest increased and she was always in the red. Well, that’s a given.

 Living in poverty day in day out.

 It seems she was paying her debts little by little, but she didn’t know when her debt would be cleared and those days continued on.

 That way, she carried on, hoping to gain glory under the sun someday.

 A merchant belonging to the firm where she borrowed money from had approached Rinia and talked to her.

 He eagerly talked about paying back the debt with something. But looking at the business, it wasn't going well.

 [You can’t erase the debt, but it’s possible to become a member of the company. It will make payments much easier.

 To become a member, 20 Asura gold coin pieces were required as fee to pay the management in the firm, but you could also gain that back later.

 You could return the remainder of the debt later.

 Once you write IOU, just trust the rest to me.]

 Rinia's story continued.

 When I heard of that, it really sounded fishy. And the cat was successfully baited with fish.

 Rinia's 20 pieces of Asura gold coins were gone to purchase a badge of the members of the Chamber of Commerce.

 But, that bright red member's badge was a fake.

 When the time came to make her debt payments, they gave her a [What's this guy doing?] kind of face when she showed her badge to the Chamber of Commerce debt collector, and they immediately noticed that it was a fake.

 But, the IOU is real.

 Rinia's debt increased by 20 Asura gold coins.

 Asura gold coins are the most valuable gold coins in this world.

 20 Asura gold coins, and surely, the interest from that is a big amount of money.

 Originally, Rinia was already up to her neck with the interest payments from her previous debt. With this new debt, she already couldn't pay them.

 Her carriage was seized, and Rinia was taken into custody.

 "Achishi I was swindled and that's how I ended up being sold to a slave merchant."

 I think half of it was her own fault, but …

 Well, a fraud is a fraud.

 That swindler is the one in the wrong.

 "Hmm."

 Though, it's already come to this.

 Eris already injured the slave traders, and that is a problem.

 There's children and babies in the house.

 Given these circumstances, I don’t want lowlifes as my enemies.

 "…… I wonder what’s wrong?… "

 "Boss, help me, nya. By all means nya……I don’t want to become a slave, nya …… "

 Rinia begged me while clasping her hands.

 She's dressed in rags and has a collar.

 Somehow, it’s erotic.

 "Rinia… you…"

 "Yes Nya~?"

 "Was it Game Over for you already?"

 "Nyaa?"

 Before Rinia could stand up, I was suddenly looking at the ceiling.

 The Boreas punch exploded, and I was flipped from the chair.

 "Rudeus! Are you even listening to her story!?"

 "That’s right Rudi, you don’t understand delicacy at all."

 "Onii-chan is the worst."

 I was severely bashed by the ladies.

 "I'm sorry."

 Now let's apologize honestly.

 Yeah, that's right.

 Certainly it’s a bit too vulgar.

 "Excuse me to say nya! Nya! I’m still a pure virgin girl nya! Something like that was what made my value as a slave rise! "

 "I got it, thank you."

 I do not know why I heard myself.

 I had to make sure somehow, whether they left some mental trauma in her.

 I’m reflecting myself.

 Even so, her value increased.

 Even in this world, the kind that value in virginity does exist.

 Come to think of it, in the Great Forest the unicorn is residing inside.

 While thinking of these, I noticed something about my body.

 My nose is in pain.

 Upon examination, I had a nosebleed.

 Sylphy was applying healing magic with quick motions.

 "Maa~ however, I feel a bit worried. "

 Eris already attacked the slave merchant.

 They must feel humiliated, and will come to exact revenge on us.

 Somehow, I must do something about that…

 By returning Rinia to them peacefully.

 Or by crushing the hostile slave merchant thoroughly.

 If I choose the latter, I'm afraid Norn might get kidnapped in a detestable way…

 Either way, abandoning Rinia would fill us with guilt.

 But she is my friend.

 Uhmmm.

 "Excuse me~e!"

 And, we heard some voice from the entrance.

 I don’t know any man with this voice, but behind me, Rinia's body suddenly jerked and she jumped behind the couch to hide herself.

 "It’s them nya!"

 Apparently, it’s the slave merchant.

 Part 4

 I proceeded to the entrance.

 "I know our slave is inside this house, we have come to take her. "

 "I do not know what you’re talking about, please don’t make such a baseless lie."

 Lilia replied to them while I made my way.

 They brought three people.

 Standing at the front is a tiny man with a knife.

 He might be from the dwarf race.

 Behind him was a muscular bald man, and a Mohican style haired man.

 Violence oozed from their bodies.

 They gave a feeling like that of Samson and Adon.

 "So you say… In this town, a red haired pregnant woman is already conspicuous, then combined with a large white dog, we already know where to search without asking."

 "Maybe Eris-sama is acting violently. You just said it’s a possibility. However, inside our home, there is no such thing like a slave to be taken back. "

 Lilia gave them such a clear answer, the baldie from behind made a cracking noise with his hands.

 Pushing his way in front of the small man and then reaching towards Lilia.

 "You. This granny is in need of a beating--"

 Lilia could only tremble while her shoulder was about to be grabbed violently.

 "Wait wait wait woah, wait, don’t make trouble, don’t make trouble, don’t make trouble, and absolutely don’t touch her……!"

 She wasn’t grabbed.

 Hearing what the little guy said, the baldie dropped his hands.

 "Big brother, why? Usually it’s always. …… "

 "You idiot! This maid, is the nanny of that Rudeus Greyrat, and the mother of his half sister. If you dare to put even a scratch on her, your entire family will be annihilated!"

 Hearing that, the baldie looked at Lilia and shivered.

 "Well, I'm here for business… "

 "Look… if the [Mad Sword King] really came out from this house like the story--"

 "Hide~e"

 And, that’s when the little man noticed my presence.

 Without delay he rubbed his hands together and made a meek face.

 "Oh, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Rudeus-san… "

 It's a Nechikkoi voice.

 He is posing humbly in front of me and didn’t touch Lilia.

 Well, I would probably get mad if that baldie even grabbed her.

 No way, I wouldn't go as far as massacring them.

 At least, I’m sure of that.

 I don’t know about Eris.

 "… Lilia-san, I will handle it from here."

 "I understand, Rudeus-sama."

 Lilia bowed to me, and she retreated a few steps.

 She looked a bit reluctant.

 "Nice to meet you, Rudeus-san. "

 While rubbing his hands together, the small man bowed again.

 "I’m working under the Balbard company and I was charged with this matter. My name is Kinchou."

 "Nice to meet you, I’m Rudeus Greyrat."

 But Kinchou?

 That's like a certain drug for mosquito.

 "So Kinchou-san, what’s your business here?"

 From what I heard, I could make a rough guess already.

 It would be silly if you were to say you come for something else.

 "Though I am reluctant to say this Rudeus-san, one of our beast slaves ran away. "

 "Hou~, what kind of slave?"

 "A daughter of the Dedorudia tribe, high battle capabilities and able to use magic. Really, the best slave. "

 Oh. I already heard from Rinia.

 She's the best slave.

 Her evaluation is high so she must be insanely expensive.

 "Then, the hunting party from our company chased after her, but they were annihilated."

 "Hou~~"

 Must be Eris's work.

 Somehow I feel sorry for them.

 A slave merchant worker, rather than exacting revenge on the murderer, they chose to track her down.

 I feel helpless.

 "Well, that kind of thing is an everyday occurrence to us and all part and parcel of our work. There's always victims. Without even mentioning that the other party is subordinate to the second ranked in the seven great powers [Dragon God], and an acquaintance to the next king of the Asura Kingdom…right? "

 "So to say, somehow I got saved."

 It looks like they’re scared of Orsted and Ariel's name.

 It's the power of connections.

 Thank you, President Orsted! Section chief Ariel!

 Somehow it won't become a huge deal.

 But, it looks like the news about me working under Orsted have already become widespread.

 Ma~, maybe the rumor spread from somewhere.

 "However… Rudeus-san."

 "Yes?"

 "That, slave is, how do I put it, her price is quite high."

 "You mean… a premium slave?"

 Although I think that he is rather a stupid man, but who knows that he has quite an ability in this.

 Well, each man has their strong point, isn’t that right?

 "That slave slipped towards this area. Incidentally, I'd be able to treat you well at our establishment. Hehe, as expected of that slave, she wouldn't come along willingly. But too late, someone already bid on her."

 "That buyer was one [Bo***s Gr****t], you get my meaning?"

 "Yeah, yeah. That's right that's right. Rudeus-san also knew them very well!"

 That's…

 Eris's former house.

 "The princess from the Dedorudia tribe could freely use magic in combat. Beautiful and still a virgin. Hearing that, they immediately bought her for 300 Asura gold coins as an advance payment."

 Maybe it's Uncle James, or his son. Really, this Greyrat house…

 Rather than using that money for buying a slave, why didn’t he use that for Fedoa territory's reconstruction?

 But Eris also fell in love at first sight with Rinia, and if Rinia is a limited product, I won’t get my hands on something like her again.

 Seems like I have a money issue.

 "This slave is really pricy because it is a limited item. This person must be forced to accept her situation right? "

 "Well, I would say so."

 "Hey, could you let us past? You understand, right? We need to retrieve our slave."

 "……"

 Hmm.

 Focused in the money, huh?

 Well, it appears to be a large enough loss to cause their company to collapse.

 Even if they collapsed, I don’t care.

 I won’t feel bitter about it.

 "Come to think of it, Rudeus-san"

 I’m perplexed, he's directing a threatening smile to me.

 "One of your li’l sisters and your wife, I’m sure they’re coming back and forth towards Magic University. I'd feel bad if we had to disturb them…"

 "You… You don't intend to mess with Norn and Roxy do you?"

 If this matter really comes out, I certainly won’t go easy.

 Didn’t I already prepare myself to destroy Ranoa Kingdom?

 "Oh, uh, not for now, not for now. Of course not. Of course, I don’t want to be in hostile relationship with Rudeus-san? If possible, we want to get along."

 "I also feel the same way. "

 "So you agree? Then, please return our slave. I also don’t want to discard my life by being the enemy of Rudeus-san. But, hora~, did you know? As it is, we will end up killing each other, biting each other's neck and die at the same time, did you want to fight till you die?"

 Yeah, he's got a point here.

 They're also in a desperate state.

 After they've cancelled the advance payment of 300 Asura good coins, and even if I paid them the same price, they'll lose from the pay back credit.

 Hey, come to think of it, trying to refund the 300 Asura good coins…

 They would certainly go bankrupt.

 And thinking that they would go bankrupt, they would become desperate.

 A wounded beast is scary.

 "Hmm…"

 …Well, oh well.

 Even Rinia was careless this time.

 Getting herself in debt, then adding more debt, and finally getting swindled. It was her own fault.

 Even if they tried to throw her into prison, Boreas nor myself would let it happen.

 As far as I know, at least for Sauros-sama, he never made those beast-eared maids work too hard.

 He never gave them hard labor.

 Well, maybe they had to do some erotic things, but good-looking guys like Philip and Eris were over there. The Boreas love beast girls, so she will be loved.

 If it’s like that, I will ask them to let me write a brief note.

 She is a slave, but please don’t treat her badly because she is my acquaintance.

 All right, let's go with it.

 "I understand."

 "Do you now?"

 "Yeah, now…"

 While I was looking back to bring Rinia.

 --I swallowed those words.

 My eyes caught the presence of someone at the top of the stairs.

 "……"

 Lucy.

 My cute daughter.

 She has an anxious look. She had seen what's happening here from behind the railings on the stairs.

 "……Lilia-san."

 "Yes, Rudeus-sama?"

 Here, if I yield to this threat, is it really all right to hand the pleading and frightened Rinia over to them? She's laid the groundwork. Heh.

 I have been anxious in front of Lucy.

 I am a father.

 Inside this house, won't my child be scared if I let these bad men forcibly take someone away?

 No.

 "From the safe in my room, please bring as much as you can."

 "Yes, Rudeus-sama."

 Lilia was quick.

 After disappearing into the back of the house in a flash, and hurriedly came back with an armful of big bags.

 Bags full of both small and heavy objects.

 I opened a bag which contained several smaller, tightly packed packages.

 I picked up one of them, and threw it towards Kinchou.

 "…This is?"

 While frowning quizzically, he opened the bag that he just received.

 "!"

 And his complexion changed.

 "It is a magic stone. If you sell it in an appropriate place, it will be about 500 Asura gold coins."

 "Oh you mean?"

 "Here, another one."

 I threw the second pouch.

 Kinchou received it in a hurry.

 "Perhaps, you didn’t just captured one Dedorudia, you didn’t captured the princess of Adorudia right? Because those two were always together."

 "Eh? N, No? I mean, didn’t we only capture one animal?"

 "For your own sake, I advise you to not lie to me."

 Saying that, I threw the third pouch to him.

 While catching it, Kinchou's face was full of confusion.

 "You’ve said that, but if later I went to your shop and found another, your shop is history. Because I don’t intend to finish this with just money. "

 Kinchou's face quickly turned blue.

 "I, It is true. A Daughter of Dedorudia, we only have one of them!"

 …Well, I guess it would be like that. I only need to listen once.

 Rinia became a merchant and Purusena became the village chief. The two of them followed different paths. There's no way they would be caught at the same time.

 By now, Purusena would already be back in the Great Forest.

 "Well…… if that’s how is it, I will purchase Rinia."

 "No way!? This, three bags?"

 "Well… if it’s not enough, I still have some magic items, do you want one?"

 I also reached out to the next bag.

 2000 pieces of magic stones all at once.

 I showed them what I earned all of this past year.

 "N, no, this, this is fair enough!"

 "Well, without saying so. Recently, my house is a bit empty you know. Because I am often not in the house that's why annoying insects come… to bother my family. Perhaps you've seen some? "

 "Oh …… Oh ……"

 We must keep a nail tight here.

 Intimidating diplomacy.

 "Also, in the future, I want us to get along. For example, if the daughter of Adorudia that I mentioned a little while ago comes up or becomes a slave. Or if a daughter or a sister by any chance become a slave. I ask you to at least give me a little leeway."

 "Eh, yeah, yeah, of course, you will have your leeway in our market."

 "What if, I install the jewelry on the forehead and apply light magic for you to wear. How should I put it……how about a helmet with flashlight instead…"

 Kochirou's body began to tremble and he suddenly bowed to me with a frightened look on his face.

 "Wah, O…Okay! She is sold to you! Don’t threaten me! I don’t want to be your enemy. "

 "Thank you very much."

 I won.

 It is a victory, the power of money.

 That said, I'm not going to turn this place's slave merchants into my enemy.

 Incidentally, also the Boreas family.

 "Also, please come back later! I'll have a letter for those Boreas and I need my receipt."

 "Oh, is that so… I got it."

 After saying that, Kochirou took his men and left in a flash.

 "Whew…"

 Large amounts of money just disappeared in a flash, huh…

 There were only three magic stones, but they were worth about 1500 Asura gold coins together.

 That was a lot of money.

 Lilia didn’t say anything, but she must have been amazed.

 "Rudeus-sama."

 "Lilia-san…"

 "Well done!"

 "Thank you"

 With a slight smile, Lilia bowed down to me.

 It seems she forgave me just this once.

 But, Aisha might get angry.

 I wonder… let's convince Orsted to get more remuneration somehow.

 Well, that aside.

 Lucy, look at me.

 Your daddy is a man that will help people who are in a pinch.

 So if you’re in a pinch, I’ll help you immediately.

 So you don’t have to worry about anything anymore.

 Now, jump to your Papa's chest.

 "… There!"

 Thinking about that… when I turned my body.

 Lucy was already not there.

 Sob.

 Part 5

 Anyway, thus Rinia was saved, it was decided that she will live in the house.

 As a slave.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
