Volume 19  3 — Entrance Ceremony & Student Council President

Volume 19 Chapter 3: Entrance Ceremony & Student Council President

 

 Part 1

 It was decided that Rinia will be working as our maid in the house.

 As for me, I think it’s fine to throw her out on the street.

 But, that's not happening. Rinia is my friend.

 When my friends are in trouble, of course I will go to help them.

 Maa~, though for an instant I was thinking of abandoning her, but I just couldn't do it. I didn’t have the heart to.

 Moreover, Aisha strongly objected to that idea.

 After paying that outrageous amount of 1500 Asura gold coins, there is no way she will let her get kicked out of the house.

 "Onii-chan, your payment is good, but that amount of money is nothing to laugh off!

 Until she pays back all of it, Rinia-san must work here!"

 Indeed, your Onii-chan receives an irregular salary from Orsted.

 Be it a magic item or magic stone.

 Probably because of his time loops, Orsted knows where to find it all.

 So, if it’s about gold coins and my lifetime living expenses, I could immediately gain it back.

 Still, well, 1500 pieces of Asura gold is still a large amount of money for me.

 I mean, isn’t that more expensive than a house?

 "Oh well, she is Rudeus's friend, so that's why I won’t give up on her!"

 And those are Eris's words.

 Since the very beginning Eris didn’t want to hand over Rinia.

 If I choose to hand over Rinia that time,

 She would definitely come out with a sword hanging on her waist making [kachin-kachin] sounds, then producing a large number of corpses in a flash.

 If I scold her for killing that slave merchant…

 I don’t care how she killed the slave merchants, but I’m afraid that it will affect her baby.

 Maybe the evil spirits from the people she killed will haunt her and kill her during pregnancy.

 Therefore, next time I will use Ariel's name for some pretext to gain their trust.

 Or, perhaps, saying that before they could even place their hands on their mouths.

 Eris is that kind of woman.

 I've given up on trying to change her.

 "I think it’s a good idea, Rudi."

 That's what Sylphy said.

 She also did not oppose hiring Rinia.

 Sylphy already knows that I'm only on friendly terms with Rinia.

 In fact, she complimented my valuing this friendship.

 "Wan~!"

 And that’s what the Holy Beast Leo said.

 Although I don't understand what he's saying.

 Only Rinia knows.

 "Oh, yes, of course Leo-sama. It’s nice to be under you, nya! Listen to what I said, nya! It’s fine to be under you, nya!"

 Rinia, she didn’t ask me why the Holy Beast-sama Leo is here.

 Leo seems to have already explained his circumstance to her with respect to the matter.

 I don't know what you've explained, but she didn’t need to hear more from me to respect the Holy Beast's wishes.

 Anyway, Rinia's position in the household is below Leo's.

 Poor Rinia, her position is below even a dog's.

 Rinia salary is two Asura silver coins, but is deducted by half for her debt's repayment.

 So it’s actually one Asura silver coin a month.

 Including a bed with three meals.

 As for the bed, she began to sleep in Eris's room.

 Rinia acts as Aisha's subordinate, but to give it an actual name, she's like Eris's pet.

 However, one Asura silver coin per month.

 About 1 or 2 pieces of Asura gold per year.

 Her debt repayment, it's gonna take 1000 years or more.

 "Rinia, are you fine with that?"

 "Uu~… I already received too much help, nya!… That’s already enough for me to cherish forever, nya!…"

 Rinia seemed to have given up already.

 Like an impala bitten in the neck by a cheetah, she’s resigned to wagging her tail in front of Eris forever.

 Well, if the person herself is fine with it, then it’s all good.

 After that, Roxy also returned home, but she did not seem to mind either.

 Her comment is like Sylphy's and compliments me for lending money to help out a friend.

 However, when she heard the price, she gave me a paranoid glance. I wonder why?

 "For so much, is a noble daughter's virginity really that pricy?"

 It didn’t take long to solve her misunderstanding.

 But, it looks like my lower body still lacks any sort of credibility.

 Part 2

 Next morning.

 With Roxy, I went to the Magic University.

 She didn’t ride on Jirou this time. We’re walking together.

 We clomped our way through the snowy path.

 I haven't taken any lessons from the Magic University in a long time. I also began to miss that once a month homeroom.

 However, I need to go to school now to greet Cliff and Zanoba. I need to ask something from them.

 Leaving the avenue paved with magical bricks, we’re getting closer to the first principal's bronze statue.

 When I see the fortress-like school building, I begin to feel a bit emotional.

 When I came here for the first time, I was a man suffering from ED.

 "Well then, Rudi. We’re parting here."

 "All right, Roxy. Stay cheery today, too."

 "Rudi, also -"

 "Aa~, look! Roxy-sensei came with a man today!"

 As Roxy says her farewell, I hear a sudden shrill voice.

 Looking around, a group of students just leaving the dormitories point to us.

 "Aree~~ … isn’t he Roxy-sensei's husband?"

 "Ee~~, Norn-senpai's legendary Onii-chan?? "

 "This is my first time seeing him, but he's actually pretty cool!"

 Seems as if I'm being treated like an endangered species or something.

 However, I’m unexpectedly also an Ikemen.

 Fufu.

 "……"

 Suddenly, Roxy looks at me with eyes full of admiration.

 Aa, it's different.

 It's like a child who would be happy with just a little praise.

 "Excuse me."

 And, I wrap my arms around Roxy's body, hugging her.

 And, facing toward the students.

 "Kyaa!"

 While raising the shrill voice, the students disappeared into the school building.

 "That’s part of my appeal."

 "……"

 When Roxy gives me that look, I quickly release my arm.

 Her ears are red.

 I myself feel a bit wounded, and my tail is wagging.

 "C-can't you let me go now?"

 "……"

 There isn't a reason to not let her go.

 But, I could make any excuse to Roxy. To stay by her side.

 In fact, I only want to feel my little girl's breasts.

 While I think this, I rub our cheeks together.

 Nn~~, her cheek is smooth.

 "W-what? All of a sudden, in a place like this …"

 "G-O-O-D-B-Y-E KISS!"

 "A, a, aaaaa, so that’s it……I see. I'll take it, then! Then, Rudi, take care!"

 Roxy dashes to the staff building, her right hand and feet moving together.

 After parting with her, I run toward the research building.

 Part 3

 "What? Seems I'm too early."

 I arrive at the research building, but Cliff doesn't seem to be here yet.

 His child's the reason. A lot certainly happened.

 By the way, when she gave birth to the child, Elinalise unceremoniously dropped out from the magic university.

 Originally her purpose for entering Magic University was for a man hunt.

 Once she found a man and had a baby, she kissed the school life goodbye.

 Many frowned upon her for that, using the sacred school grounds for something like that.

 I respect Elinalise in that regard.

 Let's see, now I have some free time.

 I could go to Zanoba's place first, but…

 If that diligent Cliff didn’t hear what I have to say first, he'll be bugged about it later.

 U~m, I'll go to Zanoba's place this afternoon.

 I feel bad for Zanoba for my constant sudden appearances at his place.

 Let's go as planned and meet in order Cliff → Zanoba today.

 While I'm pondering here, I see a parade around.

 Walking on the slightly snowy road, they assemble themselves in the schoolyard.

 Having nothing else to do, I approach them, overhearing the principal giving his speech on the stage.

 "----But, magic is different. It has unlimited potential!

 Regaining the lost magics and learning to integrate it with modern day chanting,,

 Everyone of you has the possibility of bringing forth the new evolution ---- "

 I think I already heard that speech somewhere.

 I try to remember, where I heard that speech before.

 My entrance ceremony.

 So~, it’s already that season.

 Now, what was my grade.

 Fifth grade… No, sixth grade.

 I only attended the lessons at first and second years here, but I would like to attend my graduation ceremony.

 Sylphy also dropped out from school after the debacle in the Asura Kingdom since it wasn't that important to her any more.

 Aa~, if I was already in my sixth year, then Silent Sevenstar-senpai must have already graduated.

 That girl, I wonder if she went to her graduation ceremony?

 Most likely not.

 I have the feeling that these last few years, Nanahoshi got her hands full with learning summoning magic.

 Now, she seldom asks for my help.

 By the way, Perugius lends her a good deal of help. Otherwise, she wouldn't have gotten past the experimental stage. .

 Well, it seems that she only enrolled because of the school's facilities, and it doesn't look like any of it matters to her now.

 If I had to take a guess, I suppose she only wants to attend her graduation ceremony in her previous world.

 Anyway, I still feel a little anxiety toward Nanahoshi.

 My future self said that she found her own grim end.

 Let's keep an eye out for her when I have some free time.

 With onigiri and potato chips in hand.

 "Now, a speech from the new student council president."

 While reading over my own thoughts, I realize the principal's speech was already over.

 He returned to the teaching staff's sitting place behind the podium.

 And there I see Roxy sitting in the middle of the teaching staff.

 Aaa~, Roxy sitting straight as a teacher.

 Must be nice…

 Among these freshman I want to say, [Did you see that beautiful blue haired girl? She's my wife!] proudly.

 How’s that? I can take pride in that, right?

 " ---chan rea…… "

 "That magic university specialty is-- "

 "Hey, that little girl there. She's already an adult, right?"

 "I guess she still doesn’t know about men yet."

 As the principal's speech ends, the freshman begin to buzz.

 I'm puzzled about why.

 When I look towards the podium, Norn is standing there.

 Together with her is a tall demon-race girl, and accompanied by a youthful brawny beast-man.

 She is standing in the middle.

 "Everyone, this year's chosen student council president is fifth year student Norn Greyrat."

 Norn is the student council president.

 This is the first time I've heard about this.

 I did hear that she was a student council member.

 Maybe they elected her during these last few months.

 "Though we think it’s still too soon, but we decided to do it."

 When Norn started her speech, the student body kept up their buzzing.

 Seems like Norn isn’t charismatic enough to stay the freshmen's chattering like Ariel.

 It can’t be helped, I'll use some magic to silence them.

 And, suddenly I notice that among the guys around me, a group of them look toward Norn with passionate eyes.

 They seem familiar.

 If I’m not mistaken, they’re those bodyguards, those [Fan Club] fellows.

 What are these guys doing, among the freshman………

 “BE QUIEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!"

 The next moment.

 There stands a young brawny beast on the stage, giving out a thundering roar.

 That voice silenced the freshman in an instant. Only a few quiet murmurs remain here and there.

 "Thank you, Gilbert."

 "Yes."

 Norn gives her thanks to the beast youth then continued her speech.

 "Every one of us here are assembled from all around the world.

 Among us, a good few of us would believe those around us are rather unusual, wouldn't you agree?"

 But here, where each of you stands as a student among students, is the magic university.

 In this place, you are now students of the magic university. Abide by the rules!"

 That speech, I thought I already heard it somewhere.

 Things about school rules and regulation, learning different things. And knowing about what constitutes as common sense here.

 It's what Ariel said at my own entrance ceremony.

 Apparently, the themes for student council president's speech are predetermined in this school.

 "-----more than that. Everyone, I wish you all a great school life."

 Norn quickly bows her head, then walks down from the stage.

 Her walking posture is full of dignity-----ah, there was a scene.

 Soon, Norn's foot slipped from the stairs, and she fell down to the ground.

 Kusukusu, I could hear laughing voices from the surrounding now. She's definitely famous now.

 A---a---, just a moment ago, she was recognized as a cool student council president…

 And, that’s what I was thinking, but somehow the passion in their gazes increased.

 For instance, the SS guys now wear satisfied looks on their faces.

 Fans of the clumsy-type girl archetype certainly exist in this world.

 But, a student council president in her fifth year……

 Norn's definitely doing her best.

 Your brother is proud of you.

 Paul's soul looks on from the grass field behind me, taking that big picture of Norn with his tripod camera.

 I’m filled with an unexplainable feeling.

 Keeping up with her studies, practicing swordsmanship, doing her best with her student council work.

 Good luck, Norn!

 All right!, I also must do my best.

 Staying at my best even after this, protecting my family from Hitogami!

 "Hmph, so that’s the rumored Norn Greyrat. She's a C……no, a B if I factor in my expectations."

 And immediately, I hear a voice that kills my excitement at my side.

 What this guy just said.

 Looking at him, a Bishounen is standing there.

 It seems he’s about 15 years old.

 A blonde haired Elf…

 Amazing Ikemen sighted.

 On the caliber of Ariel…

 But this Ikemen face is like radiating some kind of light which prevents us from looking at him directly.

 U~n, No.

 From this guy's face, he's definitely proud of himself.

 If only in his appearance level, he has overwhelmed the greatest Ikemen from the Greyrat family, Luke.

 That’s for certain.

 If this guy's rank is an S, Luke is an A, and Norn is around a B.

 "So much for what I was hoping for from the top student of this school…she’s only at that level."

 But, even if that’s the truth, such comments have their right time and place.

 I really feel that you’re an Ikemen, but you need to limit your standards to the general population of this world.

 Did you know that all the scary seniors over there are staring over here?

 They’re people who think that Norn is the best in the world.

 Ah, look out! Those guys really came here.

 From where those guys were hiding away, three guys stand out.

 Chatting while glancing at me.

 "Senpai, that guy is serious?"

 "Serious? About Norn-chan? Really?"

 "Really serious."

 That kind of conversation could be heard.

 No, that just now was me dubbing over them.

 He's a freshman Ikemen, and I dislike bullying.

 But, the SS (those guys), I don't think they'll like it if they heard what you've just said.

 Then they looked over to me, as if pleading "Please don't hold me back, he need to be taught a lesson…"

 Is there going to be an incident on the rooftops?

 "In that case, her brother Rudeus won't be much better."

 I don't deny it.

 Rudeus is only at that level.

 Lettin that slide for now.

 Look-wise I don't think I could compete against you.

 While I'm looking over this guy, our eyes meet.

 "You think so too, right?"

 That Ikemen is looking at me, and his eyes lookin for consensus.

 Eh? What's with that…?

 "… Well, u~n, well, Rudeus might not be much? But, Norn tries her best, right?"

 "Ha."

 It'd be difficult to explain, so I only said this much, but the Ikemen laughs in reply.

 "Aaa, apologies. I forgot that everyone in this town is afraid of Rudeus. But have the peace of mind. My name is Raifold. From elven village Magnafold, and I’m son of its village chief. I shall deliver this city from Rudeus' oppression."

 Aa~, you certainly are polite.

 But, in such a situation it’s a bit hard to introduce myself.

 How about this. For the time being let’s introduce myself as Ruud Ronma.

 "I'm different than you guys, and Norn as well. I'm the only special student of this year, only natural for one preparing to become village chief of Elven village?"

 Oh.

 I see, same as Rinia and Purusena.

 Coming from a faraway land, they come all the way here to study human society.

 "Certainly I will stand at the top of this school. Even that Norn girl, will become my woman."

 No, that’s something I can’t let you to do.

 No matter what your circumstances, I won’t let you have Norn for such a reason.

 This Onii-san won’t permit it.

 "Good, you should follow me if you want to see."

 "Ha…?"

 So was all that talk to recruit me as his underling.

 Doesn't look like he has any underlings at the moment…

 But I do see some glances of admiration in his direction.

 If he starts to target Norn

 … In this situation, as her brother, what should I do?

 Although he isn't aggressively going after Norn right now, somehow it still feels like I need to do something.

 But, helping Norn too much is unnecessary.

 It would seem like I’m being overprotective.

 Norn is probably fairly well protected in this school.

 Although Raifold is a village chief candidate, he shouldn't have any political power in this country…

 Norn has her helpers, and her bodyguards [Fanclub] at her disposal.

 Although I still feel like I should handle this business myself.

 What should I do?

 "Just ignore him."

 Then, another person's voice rang out and joined us.

 Somebody help put an end to this!

 With some hope in my chest I looked back, half-expecting to see a familiar face…

 "My name is Mii-Nall, son of village chief of Bii-nall village. A dwarven village."

 Who is this guy?

 It looks like he is also a freshman.

 His attitude is so high, but his height is only half of us.

 No matter how you look at it, he has the face of an adult, he even has a stocky mustache.

 He's obviously of the Dwarf race.

 "How naive of you thinking that there is only one special student…? Don’t make me laugh. I too am special students of this term!"

 Ah, that was unexpected.

 Looking down at that dwarf face, Raifold was surprised.

 "Oh, isn’t that Mii…!"

 "Long time no see, Rai!"

 Apparently, they seem to know each other.

 I guess the elven and dwarven villages are close to each other.

 So even their village chiefs' sons are acquainted.

 "Well, so this year's special students are the two of us?"

 "Nope, that’s also wrong. Gufufu."

 That's a unique laugh, I wonder if the Mii-Nal lineage has a unique way to laugh?

 There's someone hiding behind Mii-Nal's shadow.

 A small boy about the same size as Mii-nal, another Dwarf race?

 His race… No, that child is different.

 He is probably from the human race, a youth from the human race.

 His age is about seven.

 His face is familiar, he looks like someone… from the Asura lineage.

 "Hey, introduce yourself."

 The boy introduced himself with a trembling voice.

 “My, my name is, Grannel. Grannel-Zafin-Asura. I’m the second son of Asura Kingdom's first prince, Grabell-Zafin Asura "

 I was perplexed.

 Grabell's son.

 This boy…?

 Why is he here?

 I wonder, is it for revenge? For that incident in Asura Kingdom?

 Is he here on some assassination mission… this late?

 Why did he send such a small kid?

 "That, father lost in the political game, we are in dangerous situation…"

 Oh!

 I got it.

 Grabell, in the off-chance that Ariel would assassinate his sons, he sent them out of the country to escape.

 Hey come to think of it, this is the second son, I wonder if Grabell's eldest son is in another country?

 …No, it’s different.

 This country, Ranoa Kingdom, is full of Ariel's supporters.

 Yet he was sent to this country, so he might be some kind of hostage for Ariel.

 In this world it looks like there's a custom for sons to greet people while saying their father's name. I wonder if he doesn't care about the consequences?

 "I see, we are alike. People from various places chased from their villages for some reason, and now we three meet each other in this place "

 "I don’t have any particular reason to get chased-out… Because I am only third in inheritance…"

 "Okay, it’s good. Everyone has their own circumstances. You must have heard some rumor?"

 "You too…!"

 The Elf Ikemen put his arms around Mii-nal and Grannels' shoulders.

 "Ma~, as fellow special students, we should help each other. If we join our power, becoming the top in this University is not a mere dream…right? "

 "Oooo~h…!"

 "Eee~tto, please take care of me!"

 I don’t know what happened, but it looks like the special student freshmen immediately befriended each other during the entrance ceremony.

 What a beautiful sight.

 Well… just for now I’ll forgive him about the matter regarding Norn.

 Everyone wants to show off their character when they're starting their first year of school.

 If you’re a second year and muttered that B-Rank crap, I won’t let that slip.

 Well, anyway, I want to say to do your best.

 "Oo, so this is this year's gathering nya!"

 While I was being deeply affected by that sight, someone spoke up from outside the freshman crowd.

 I recognize that voice, until a few years ago that was the voice of one of the troublemakers in this school.

 Looking in that direction, I saw a cat-eared girl with one hand in her pocket making her way over here through the crowd, it was Rinia.

 Shouldn't she be working as a maid at home, why is she here?

 "…What the, aren’t you Rinia-senpai?"

 "Who?"

 "You know, the boss from two years ago."

 "…Some kind of delinquent?"

 "Why, didn't she graduate already…?"

 Her surroundings are perplexed.

 She walked straight to me.

 "Hey, boss."

 "Oh, what’s the matter?"

 "I came to deliver Roxy-sama's lunch that she forgot to bring nya! Originally I want to deliver to the office nya, but it looks like she is here nya."

 So that’s it.

 Instead of coming during lunch, Aisha must have sent her over before classes began.

 Aa~, Roxy seems to forget to bring her lunch on a regular basis.

 By the way, I didn’t bring any lunch.

 It’s not like I didn’t want to eat a homemade lunch, but I already planned to eat out with my friends as a way to communicate.

 "……"

 "……"

 Then I noticed, those two freshmen who were talking with high spirits from before, averted their eyes from here and watched their feet.

 "Oi, why didn't you come to talk… I mean return to the Great Forest?"

 "I also want to ask…"

 "Eh? What?"

 Those two guys spoke in a small voice, only Grannel-san looked puzzled.

 "Are~e?"

 So Rinia noticed them.

 These two are also from the Great Forest.

 She raised her hand to them in a friendly manner.

 "O~y, Rai, Mii!"

 Those two were trembling and faced away.

 It seems they’re acquainted.

 "Hey, did you come here from the Great Forest nya? Hasn't it already been about eight years? Hey I missed you nya, are you healthy nya? Hey, face me nya."

 It's no good, there's going to be a quarrel.

 Ara? Rinia's eyes, that's the look she has right before a fight.

 Hey now, even that Grannel boy is scared.

 "No, you’re mistaking me for someone…"

 "I, I also didn’t know someone with such a name…"

 "Oh?"

 Rinia grabbed those two heads and turned them toward her, saying yakuza-like lines.

 Like, it felt that line [Just a minute your loan is not that little.] Completely like that.

 "Perhaps, it’s a fatal thing, to carelessly leave nya? Eight years have passed. I see, your memory needs to be refreshed nya…"

 So, somehow I understand the relationship of these three.

 Pursena and Rinia are the bosses, those two are their henchman.

 Even if she herself is a slave now, this girl has the strange sense of a boss.

 "N, no, there is no way it’s true…! Since I heard someone who left the great forest will become someone else entirely!"

 "Pu, Pursena-san and Rinia-san have become really beautiful. For a moment I thought that you were someone else… it was like that, please forgive our rudeness…!"

 Well, slowly, they’re self destructing.

 The surrounding freshmen have become frightened and retreated to a distance.

 New students, it'll be bad if you think this is a scary school dominated by violence.

 The Magic University is Roxy's alma mater, it's our university.

 This is a glorious university designed to teach and practice magic!

 So, I'll give a little help to these cute freshmen and save them from the clutches of their delinquent Senpai…

 "Hey, what's going here!"

 "…What?"

 "Eh… Ehhhhh…!"

 Our surroundings suddenly became noisy.

 The crowd was split into two.

 Someone, walking toward our place.

 Soon, that person showed up.

 Bright blonde hair inherited from Mother, with eyes full of motivation.

 It’s Norn.

 Student council president Norn Greyrat.

 Following from behind, a brawny Beast race youth and a Magic race girl.

 Looking at the two people behind her made me remember Ariel.

 OK! Norn.

 You made a blunder a little while ago, but now the opponent is Rinia.

 Now say something, show off your dignity as student council president.

 Okay, I won’t allow Rinia to say anything. This Onii-san will give her threatening glares from behind!

 "Nii-san!"

 When I thought about that.

 Norn passed Rinia, she came toward me.

 With her hands on her hips, she came and looked up at me with a pouting expression.

 "Why did you mix into the entrance ceremony?"

 …seems like Rinia was just ignored.

 No, I didn’t do anything like bullying, I hope.

 "Well, you know… for this and that…"

 "You saw my screw up… ahh, how embarrassing…"

 "Well, uh, it was a wonderful speech. Very elegant. Father in heaven------"

 "I didn’t come here to hear about that!"

 She was angry at being praised.

 I feel a little crestfallen.

 "Why are you in a place like this? Are you bullying the freshman?"

 "What?"

 Bullying?

 Me…?

 That can’t be true.

 Looking around, all gazes focused toward Norn and me.

 Expectant gazes focused on Norn and frightened gazes focused on me.

 That’s weird, was I always such a bad guy?

 "Say! What did you do to this child?"

 "No, nothing… just, they were saying a few bad things about Norn and Onii-san just wanted to…"

 Such as, let’s see B rank.

 Um.

 …Umm?

 "I'm already used to that sort of thing, so please stop it! Look, they’re scared now!"

 "N, no, they’re scared of Rinia aren't they?"

 "Rinia-senpai is working for us, so it’s definitely nii-san's fault! "

 OH, SHEET!

 So that’s how it is.

 I failed to see this from that point of view.

 Me as the big bad banchou with Rinia as my henchman.

 Damn it.

 Is it because of my daily conduct?

 "I mean, listen Nii-san!"

 "What? What is it?"

 This nii-san is almost weeping, you know.

 Any more than this… Are you trying to deliver the final blow?

 "Some time ago, Roxy-nee said it! Rinia-senpai became our s, s, slave! What are you after!?"

 Eh? That?

 “There's no way around it, a slave is a slave. Instead of us shouldering her debt, she's simply working it off at our home. That way, no one loses."

 Clearly, Norn's lips are puckering while she frowned.

 Really, rather, Rinia please, help me!

 I don’t have any evil intentions whatsoever.

 "Norn-chan, what boss said is true, nya! He already saved my life, nya!"

 Rinia while rubbing her hand together approached Norn.

 The two freshman showed a relieved look.

 Seeing that, Norn sighed.

 "…So that's it. Well, all right. To be honest, I would have probably done the same thing if I saw her under those circumstances."

 She believed me.

 "But, Rinia-senpai, you’ve already graduated. Please stop causing problems at the school!"

 "Is that a problem, nya? Achichi, and I was just greeting a couple of my old acquaintances…"

 "……"

 "Alright, it’s my bad, nya! If I ever become the center of attention again, I'll get outta here, nya."

 Norn looked up with a disgruntled look, and Rinia scratched her head and bowed down.

 I feel kind of bad for her. She probably didn’t mean to start a scene.

 With all that said, she turns around starts saying things like, [These two, nya, I need to give them some spirit], and so on. Apparently she still has more to say.

 Hearing that, the two freshmen become even more frightened.

 Diverting her eyes from Rinia, Norn faces me again.

 "Nii-san, I’m glad that you’re trying to protect me, but please don’t help me too often. I can settle things on my own."

 "Right, I'll keep that in mind."

 When I lower my head, I could hear raised voices from our surroundings.

 "She could make that Rudeus bow his head down!"

 "As expected of the student council president."

 "Norn-chan is so cute…"

 Is it so rare for me to bow my head down?

 Me bowing is a daily occurrence…

 Well, whatever.

 Norn's reputation is going up, so I’m fine with it.

 "……"

 I suddenly noticed, the three freshman remained frozen in their place, watching us.

 Norn just noticed them.

 "Er~m, is that them?"

 "Yeah, they’re special students."

 "Oh, I heard about them. There are three special students enrolling this year."

 Norn then cleared her throat.

 Then she turned to face them with a courtesy.

 “Nice to meet you, everyone. My name is Norn Greyrat, the new student council president."

 Answering her is the smallest child of those three.

 "Se, second son of the A, Asura kingdom's first prince, Grannel-Zafin Asura "

 "Thank you very much for being so polite.

 Grannel-san, though learning in another country seems scary.

 But I think with such a noble upbringing, you won’t have to worry.

 If there is anything making you anxious, please come to the student council.

 As students at the Magic University, no matter your background, we student council are your friends.

 Upbringing aside, we the student council are an ally to all those who come to study here."

 What smooth talking.

 As if she's been practicing it, Norn's words and movements are elegant. She expresses her gratitude once more.

 "Y, yes."

 "Well then, enjoy your school life…"

 Norn said her piece and left.

 As soon as Grannel saw her, his face became a feverish red. Norn's escort also said their greetings.

 Wait a minute, it hadn't been that long since I've last seen her, yet Norn grew into a splendid lady.

 As I thought, she picked up an etiquette class.

 Anyway, that incident with the three special student marked Norn's first act as Student council president as the junior dominating senior.

 Staying around here's making me feel kind of awkward, so I'll take my leave with Rinia.

 It would be nice if you put Roxy's lunch on her desk in the staff room.

 Though a large chunk of the last generation still remained in the Magic University, a new wind began to blow.

 I was heading toward Cliff's place, and parted with Rinia on the way.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
