Volume 19  6 — Business Start-up

Volume 19 Chapter 6: Business Start-up

 

 Part 1

 I can’t leave Rinia in this house anymore.

 The mood in the house has become worse since she came. If her temptation continues, I don’t know if my sense of reason can hold up.

 If I succumb to the temptation, it might lead to a dispute in my family, resulting in Sylphy running away from home and taking Lucy with her.

 If that happens, it will only lead to a bad end like in the diary.

 It should be avoided in advance.

 That is why I decided to introduce Rinia to new jobs.

 Naturally, the idea of her debt being cancelled was discarded first from my thoughts.

 There is a line that even our friendship can’t cross.

 Being a [large sum] of money, it's socially unacceptable to leave it unpaid.

 Not something I can comprise on even if I have a selfish reason for it.

 Well, now about a job for Rinia…

 Honestly, I don’t have any idea about what she could do.

 She could use magic, so combat is an option.

 However, to return something like a debt of 1500 Asura gold coins, that choice is not what comes to mind first.

 Foreseeing that, I am also thinking of various ideas.

 First, let’s ask if she could help in Zanoba or Cliff's research, and get paid for that.

 Rinia had excellent grades, so maybe there is an area that needed her. That was what I thought at first.

 But I quickly changed my mind. With her personality, research isn’t something she could do.

 Aa~, that steady kind of work isn’t suited for Rinia.

 Ato~, I think it also won’t work. It's a foolish idea to shamelessly push another expense onto Cliff, especially when his child was just born.

 Giving her the responsibility to be the head merchant in charge of distributing and selling the Ruijerd book + doll sets… That half-baked idea was instantly rejected.

 I don’t want to rely on the girl who got herself involved in a huge debt and fraud to start another business again.

 Become Norn's exclusive maid in Magic University?

 I also considered this idea, but it was also instantly rejected.

 Norn will hate it. Perhaps it will end up having a similar result as the current situation.

 Become an adventurer and pay her debt?

 Or something like that, but being an adventurer isn’t as profitable as it sounds.

 Rinia has no training as an adventurer, and it has great costs and takes a long time to earn a profit - if she didn’t die first.

 Let me see, those jobs above are no good. None of them could reach 1500 Asura gold coins. I can’t help but shake my head while thinking about this.

 After all, those [Can’t Do]s are only my assumptions.

 Maybe there is work there that is suitable for her and gives a high salary.

 Thinking so, I decided to take Rinia to the school.

 Part 2

 Rinia's appearance is that of a maid.

 When we entered the school's vicinity, she and I stood out a lot. With a triumphant look, she made a fuss and scattered surrounding student.

 "Ora! Ora! Bancho is coming nya! Open the path for him nya!"

 From others perspective, we’re like hoodlums.

 "Chi~ssu! Long time no see!"

 "Os~su!"

 When I thought of stopping her, a beast race man came and greeted her with a happy face. Let’s wait for the time being.

 It’s been two years since Rinia graduated.

 Looking at the current students, it looks like there are still many that remember Rinia.

 Maybe around this place, I could get some clues from this Senpai.

 "Ossu~, Rinia-senpai! Long time no see!"

 While I was thinking about that, one guy approached us.

 Who is this guy?

 I feel that he was introduced to me in the old days. Around my sophomore year.

 I cannot remember his name, but he was the one that led a group of students.

 "Oh, you, isn’t your yell lacking fighting spirit nya?"

 "Ossu!"

 "All right! Increase the pitch nya!"

 "O~O~sssuuuuu!"

 Rinia is really bossy.

 Even though she's wearing a maid uniform.

 Even though she's covered in debt.

 "By the way, Rinia-senpai, are you okay?"

 "Nn? Is what okay nya?"

 "I heard about what happened. According to the rumors, you've become an eternal slave to student council president's Aniki."

 "You might say nya. Wait a minute, that’s not the entire truth nya. But following the strong one is also a teaching of the Beast Tribe nya, so it isn’t too bad nya."

 Really, for Rinia to answer him with full spirits is contrary to her mood, her Kouhai could only sigh.

 "… Honestly, I feel disappointed."

 "For what, nya?"

 "Rinia-senpai, before you graduated you were full of spirit, taking the top position of the school before Rudeus or Ariel, but the present Rinia-senpai is… like a common pet cat, isn’t it?"

 Rinia was speechless, falling silent for few seconds.

 And when I thought she would be angry… and bare her fangs, “fuu~” she laughed.

 "Certainly, Achishi, now I’m fallen. But just wait. Before long nya, the junior will be dominating the senior nya."

 "Ge~, so, so it’s like that?"

 "Really nya. To experience a junior dominating the senior nya, I think it’s not bad experiencing this once in a while nya…"

 Looking at Rinia saying that, her Kouhai's eyes are wet with tears.

 "Rinia-senpai, as expected! I-my thinking process hasn’t reached that level yet!"

 "Well, this is where we’re different nya!"

 Tapping her forehead, Rinia said that proudly.

 Then after that, Rinia sends her junior off who is looking at her with eyes full of admiration and showered her with tons of praises, while I went to my classroom.

 Well, I’m being considerate towards their relationship.

 "……"

 I’m on the way to the research building.

 Along the way, greetings for Rinia came like there's no end to them.

 But, after entering the research building, and there are no people anymore, the greetings ceased.

 Walking quietly in the school building, Rinia looked around and back.

 "Boss, how about the conversation from a little while ago nya, about social standing Nya?"

 "The conversation a little while ago?"

 While the rubbing one's hands together, Rinia looks like a debt collector.

 "The conversation about junior dominating senior nya. That’s only talk on the surface, I’m not gonna go against boss nya."

 "I see."

 Because of Rinia's circumstances, she is still at her branching path of life so it could be her true feelings.

 Considering some strange lines here and there, talking about her public position, I guess what she said some time ago were her true feelings, at least that's what I had been thinking.

 "It’s fine for you to aim for a much higher position, however, don’t overdo it."

 "Of course nya, if you think I lied, you can prove it in the empty classroom ahead, please be gentle nya, ufufufu."

 What's with the [ufufufu]?

 Ah, junior dominating senior, perhaps did she mean with [I as the top] then [aiming to become a direct subordinate of me] did she means that?

 Whether or not I’m doing something, to make her into my bride, without asking permission from my beloved trio of wives namely Sylphy, Roxy, and Eris…

 How cunning…!

 This fellow, don’t tell me she's an assassin dispatched by Hitogami to destroy my family from inside.

 "… You, in the last few years, did you meet a guy who calls himself a god in your dreams that gave you some revelation?"

 "What's with that suddenly nya? Revelations in dreams? There is no such thing as long as I remember nya…"

 "For your own good, don’t lie."

 Though it’s weird to say this…

 President Orsted's judgement is to [Kill any suspicious person].

 I won’t go to that extent though.

 "Ye, yesterday's dream, was a dream about the sky splitting open and a lot of fish raining down nya… before that, eee~~RRR, I don’t remember nya…"

 To see such a happy dream.

 Surely, one fish is one point so she must want to collect 100 fish points for the 1UP.

 Just be aware of the occasional dumbbells.

 Anyway, for the time being, she isn’t Hitogami's apostle… I think.

 And Hitogami, won’t use guys like this to weaken me with such a situation.

 "…Well it’s fine then. But, if you see such a dream, talk to me immediately."

 "OkaNya!"

 While I feel relieved, we’re going to Zanoba's place.

 Part 3

 "Oh, Shishou… Mu~u!"

 When I arrived at Zanoba's place, he frowned as soon as he saw Rinia.

 "… Oh, long time no see."

 "Ou, Zanoba, sorry for not contacting you after I returned nya."

 Zanoba was dripping cold sweat, while looking around his room.

 "Excuse me, I’m tidying my room a bit, please wait a minute."

 And, after glancing around, one doll after another was boxed up and put away.

 Hurriedly.

 From the important dolls, to the fragile looking dolls.

 Inside, Julie was coloring a Ruijerd doll,

 In the middle of her works, she began to imitate Zanoba and cleaned up the desk and what's around it.

 "Hm~, now it’s fine. Well then, let’s start the talk."

 Zanoba is, pointing to the table a little ways away from the workplace.

 Julie left the desk immediately and she was walking with [totetote] sounds following Zanoba's command.

 "Julie, continue the works."

 "Yes, master."

 Then me, Rinia, and Zanoba sat down.

 However, the still restless Zanoba, is calling Ginger in the corner of the room.

 "Ginger."

 "Yes!"

 Zanoba only called her, but she understood that and stood between the table and the workplace.

 As if protecting the workplace.

 "So, Shishou…"

 Then, after he is satisfied, Zanoba faced towards me.

 "Is there some important matter today?"

 While Zanoba warily glanced towards Rinia, he asked me.

 He is extremely vigilant.

 He didn’t said that aloud,

 But perhaps, leaving Rinia in this place is a rude request.

 I feel bad.

 "No, only some trivial matter."

 "Hmm?"

 With this, there is no way I can ask Zanoba to let Rinia assist in his research.

 As expected, no, more that what I expected, their affinity is the worst.

 This must have been caused by the incident where Rinia broke Zanoba's doll.

 Bullying causes one's spirits to break.

 Though it’s not like that in Aisha's case, she has simply reached her limit of patience when her cup was broken.

 Though Zanoba looks nonchalant on the surface… But, he will definitely show an unpleasant face if I asked him to have Rinia assist here.

 “By the way Shishou, why did you come with Rinia? Although I overheard the talk that somehow she became a maid in your house…"

 "Well, various things happened, and now I’m looking for a job for her."

 "Ah, so, so, It’s like that."

 Zanoba's eyes swam right and left.

 Possibly, it’s seems he has some kind of work in his mind, but it looks like he's still disagreeable to working with Rinia.

 Don’t worry.

 I won't leave her here.

 Even so, such as her misdeed in the past it looks like it still hasn't been resolved.

 "Well, that's it. Let’s talk about research now."

 "Oh, that’s right!"

 From what I gathered, Zanoba didn't want anything to do with Rinia.

 Yeah, following that he began to talk happily about the Magic Armor as usual.

 Part 4

 I took lunch in the cafeteria.

 The surrounding students looked at us with skeptical glances, and in the end many men gathered around Rinia.

 "Nyahahaha! Achishi I said something hilarious about Pursena nya. What are you chubby nya……or that."

 "As expected, Rinia-san!"

 "That manner of speaking is really Pursena-san, there isn’t anything odd in that tone."

 Rinia was probably considered pretty charismatic before Ariel came.

 She has the charisma of a delinquent.

 She naturally attracts delinquents in her surroundings.

 She naturally does it, although how she acts according to her surroundings could also be considered part of her nature.

 Hmm… Maybe there's a job that requires gathering people.

 Well, for now let’s try Cliff's place.

 Part 5

 As it turns out, it was also no good at Cliff's place.

 The atmosphere was the same as Zanoba's place. They’re aware that someone like Rinia is problematic to handle.

 I personally didn’t want to leave her here.

 Well, even if she is helping in Zanoba's or Cliff's place, it didn’t guarantee that she could repay her debt.

 Now what should I do about this person?

 "Didn’t you need someone to help you with your own work?"

 When I tried to consult with Cliff about this problem, that was his response.

 Well my work, traveling around the world to fight against Hitogami's evil hand according to where Orsted's evil hand points, to complete various jobs…

 But there's a problem with it.

 "If she is affected by Orsted-sama's curse, then what is the point of making her do that?"

 "Ah, that curse is… The magical power activates when looking at him directly. Therefore, an interview with Orsted-sama is…"

 Then of course… It's a no go.

 "Maybe I could have her work in the same office, but without meeting him personally?"

 "That’s… that’s unlikely. Moreover, the Beast race is sensitive to odor, there is some possibility that the curse could also activate with that…"

 Odor, can the curse even affect the sense of smell?

 What is it, wait a minute it’s interesting.

 "Then, can the Beast race smell magic with their nose?"

 "Oh, there isn’t any proof yet, it's just my hunch about that kind of possibility… but if we have Rinia, we could confirm it. How about that?"

 Getting cursed with the odor.

 If it’s like that, we must also study how to reduce Orsted's odor.

 An animal's sense of smell was several hundreds fold of a human… the thing is, how much would we have to reduce his odor until it couldn't be detected by an animal.

 If the theory is correct, that’s one step further toward anti-curse tool completion, deodorant is necessary.

 But to make sure that the deodorant is working, must run tests.

 Adding a flower aroma might act as a double barrier for blocking the curse.

 Orsted that wearing an aromatic helmet… Hmm, somehow that's a very bizarre idea.

 "Well then, let’s do some small investigation, approaching from that direction."

 "Oh, that’s right. But, then someone from Adurodia lineage would be nice. Their nose would work better."

 Dog has a better sense of smell than a cat.

 Come to think of it, what if Pursena was here?

 I guess she would only come here if she lost interest in becoming the Dorudia Village chief.

 "So, sense of smell… But, if that’s the case why limited to the Beast race? How about examining various races?"

 In the human race and other species, even the colors they can recognize are different.

 There are many variations in the so called [People] in this world, there are even Demon Eyes that can see magic particles.

 Perhaps we can find the source of the curse by examining responses from various races.

 “…that’s right, not only Beast race, there are also various Magic races, finding subjects will be tough."

 "Yeah…"

 There are many different races in the Magic City Sharia.

 That's because the magic university doesn’t refuse any kind of student.

 But, that doesn't mean that all the races are gathered here all the time.

 It’s always changing.

 Gathering rare species, verifying each one by one, then investigating one by one until the origin of curse is found…

 That’s very mind-boggling work.

 However, research is something like that.

 Basically, it’s just brute force.

 "Anyway, first, let’s start by gathering the people."

 "So it’s come to that, however, I’m not moving around too much, so a job to gather people is something I’m not good at."

 Cliff's communication skill is very poor.

 Same with me.

 "Someone who is popular, someone who has a personality that could make many people gather…"

 My line of sight and Cliff's, spontaneously focused on Rinia.

 Even if it's only delinquent guys, she's good at gathering people around her.

 Thus, in the place where people are assembled, it's something to gather more people.

 Rather than gathering only what is necessary, it's better to set wide parameters, if as a result one's hand is able to reach a spot that itches.

 Of course, when gathering so many people, problems would be bound to occur.

 Gathering that many dangerous existences…

 Simply gathering together will raise their spirits to a whole another level, it would only take one bad influence to lead the whole group down a bad path.

 A group without a leader is not so different from a mob.

 However, once Rinia is tamed, the others will come following her example.

 I guess I can't just leave everyone alone after gathering them.

 "Nya, what is Nya…? What are the two of you talking about Nya?"

 Here she is, in one corner of the room spending her free time yawning, and jolted her body in response to our line of sight.

 However, what method should we use to recruit people?

 Even when Rinia does nothing people will always gather around her, but they need a reason to act.

 Some reason to gather many people… as I thought it’s gold.

 In a place where money gathers, there will undoubtedly be many people.

 Some kind of event with money as its prize… No, that will only gather them temporarily.

 As I thought, masking it as a business is the best way.

 Assuming that we’re doing business, I guess funding is necessary.

 Raising the funds from my own money… somehow I feel like that's putting the cart before the horse. I guess it’s fine to think it as some kind of investment.

 Ah!

 I see.

 To gather servants for Orsted, in addition to help assisting the research.

 If I think about it, I'm tired of doing everything by myself.

 There must be some kind of support organization, isn’t this actually what I need?

 It is not only support.

 If by dividing the simple jobs, with three people at once, or maybe four, many people could be saved.

 And then Orsted will be less burdened in the future.

 Of course, there is also a possibility of them being manipulated by Hitogami, so the important jobs must still be handled directly.

 But it's still too early for Orsted or I to breathe a sigh of relief, it would also be possible for Hitogami to manipulate the organization for his own ends, he won't just wait in silence.

 But, what would they do when there isn't any work?

 They would only increase the number of mouths I have to feed, and that's not very appealing.

 Each individual needs to be given a way to earn their keep.

 Jobs… that only they could do.

 As I thought, dispatching typical capable people… No, Orsted has the money.

 Forming a typical trading company, investing in talented fellows, using various prearranged schemes… Isn’t that also good?

 But, for that Rinia to manage it…

 If something happened, it would be nice if someone was assisting her.

 Someone talented… Someone knowledgeable.

 Taking this opportunity, let’s talk about this matter.

 All right.

 "Rinia."

 "Nyah, what’s up boss…?"

 "After this, your job is, to collect people."

 "What is to collect nyah?"

 "I see, it’s a more fitting job with her personality, nor merchant or mercenary, everything is good since preliminary work is done now."

 "Wha, what is the relationship between this and money Nyah?"

 "Leave the funding to me. If this turns out to be a success, then the Corporation's profits can be used to pay off your debt. Although I'd take a cut of the profits as payment for my initial investment."

 If my share is not enough, then I can consult with Orsted about the situation to increase the stocks.

 Depending on the situation I might have to rely on credit from Ariel.

 "…? I, I see nya, what about the place nya?"

 "…That, it will be prepared right now."

 "Right now… that’s kinda random, is that really alright nya?"

 For Rinia to give such weak consent, her face isn’t that bright either.

 Of course, even I don’t expect that this will be going well from the start.

 But, if it’s only limited to employing some people, maybe the chance to gain some profit will come.

 In case we get our hands on some employee who has business acumen, that guy will be in charge of marketing the Ruijerd dolls.

 "We don’t know whether this will be going well or not till we try, right?"

 "Achishi, but if this doesn't go well, please pardon me from increasing my debt nya…"

 I see, Rinia is feeling anxious.

 As I thought, the impact of her first failure was huge.

 But, honestly even with her income from working for me, her whole life won’t be enough to cover her debt.

 But, if things continue like that, my household will certainly collapse.

 And if it comes to that, I might need to develop time travel magic.

 "…In order to prevent it from becoming like that, you must be diligent."

 "Ugh…"

 It doesn't look like Rinia is fully convinced yet, but she was still nodding her head in the end.

 Part 6

 Then, on the way home, we stopped by a real estate agent, did some review, and purchased a building to become the new office.

 It’s a cabin sized building, and its location is also not very good.

 However it's a building with a roof, so it’s a good base for the time being.

 It also has a reasonable price.

 It has reduced my estimated expenses.

 Purchase that place now----and immediately ask Aisha to tidy that place up.

 "For now, this place is your office."

 "Understood Nyah."

 At this early stage, I want to find a clerk as my replacement to watch over this company.

 A staff who could do some paperwork and arranging the office documents…

 Because of Orsted's curse there is a possibility of immediate dismissal, this is a disposable business after all.

 "Here! This is an emergency fund for the time being."

 For the time being, I’m giving Rinia 10 Asura gold coins.

 That amount of money is more than enough as funding to start a business in Ranoa kingdom.

 "O, OOOO… Is, Is handing this much money to me really alright, Nya?"

 Looking at that amount of money, Rinia's eyes started glittering.

 There is a saying about casting pearls before a swine.

 Seeing that much money, there isn’t any living being that wouldn't understand its value.

 However, does this cat know the true value of money? Among living beings cats are ephemeral creatures, and money doesn't flow like water out of a fountain… I suppose I shouldn't hand over this much money to her.

 Maybe if I do this under the pretext of a lesson.

 "He, Hehehehe, Boss. Entrust this to me Nyah, with this many funds, I won’t make a mistake Nyah, This time for sure, This time for sure I will definitely find success Nyah…"

 Rinia's eyes changed into dollar signs.

 Now I truly feel uneasy.

 I guess passing that much money to this fellow is no good.

 I mean, since after this I’m going on a job for Orsted.

 When I come back Rinia's debt could be doubled, and she could be living in the basement wearing nothing but rags.

 Or she might become Eris's real pet, wearing a choker and getting her love.

 "Onii-chan, the cleaning is done."

 There she is.

 It’s Aisha’s turn.

 "Aisha, I have something to request of you."

 "… What?"

 Even though I say that, Aisha is looking at me with a really dissatisfied face. She's still sulking, it looks like that matter from the other day still isn't forgiven.

 "I want you to watch over how Rinia uses the company funds so she doesn't accidentally make a big mistake, please support her."

 "… But, I have work to do at home."

 "No need to do it everyday, just do it once every three days."

 "That… Why must I do that?"

 She is glaring towards Rinia.

 It looks like, because of the problem from the other day, Aisha doesn't want to work with Rinia.

 Judging by her attitude, I feel really uneasy if she was around the type of people Rinia tends to attract.

 That would be like an army of insects gathering around the Rafflesia.

 Well, it’s just Aisha feeling reluctant.

 She has her own reasons after all.

 "Because, I know you’re the only one whom I could trust with this kind of job."

 "Why? Is it because I said that Rinia shouldn't be a maid? Or, is it because of me that the atmosphere inside the house is bad?"

 Aisha with her sulking attitude, glancing at me while she is crouching.

 Usually Aisha is always looking straight into my eyes, but this time she's avoiding me.

 "That’s not it."

 "…"

 "It is… that if it's you, if Rinia makes a mistake, you'll reprimand her immediately right?"

 "But, can I really handle it? I could cause more damage instead…"

 From my view I could see Rinia's weak face, but let's ignore her for now.

 "But, it can be said that, your presence will allow Rinia to make full use of her talent, that is for sure."

 "… U~n, so it’s managing her work, it seems like that would really fit me."

 "In other words, your presence is to prevent her mistakes."

 Aisha looked at me with an astonished expression.

 That’s her disappointed expression.

 She didn’t want to make a mistake, that is what her expression said.

 Wait a minute, maybe I said it in the wrong way.

 U~~n……

 "Aisha, I think… Immediately abandoning a person just because they made some mistake, is not a good thing."

 "…U~~n. I understand. That’s really an amazing way of thinking, Onii-chan."

 "Thank you. That way Aisha, when in the future… Aisha encounters a similar case, I don’t want you to become someone who easily abandons others."

 Aisha is a smart child.

 The so-called genius type, who could do well no matter what she does.

 But, because of that, there will be times when the people around her won't understand what she's thinking.

 Although the future has changed, she might still be by my side until death.

 But if by chance Aisha leaves the house and tries to find a job somewhere…

 I think Aisha would do well, but there's a chance that her co-workers would be jealous and exclude her, it wouldn't be odd for someone like her to completely close herself off from others after something like that.

 As a result, if she's isolated from her family, that would be more than enough reason to become a shut in.

 I think, before she has that opportunity, I want Aisha to learn firsthand by herself.

 Though it's not something I could teach her… Since I'm bad at socializing myself.

 "Now once again, with the same position as Rinia, won’t you give it another chance?"

 "…"

 Aisha is looking between me and Rinia alternatively.

 Then, she closed her eyes.

 1 second, 2 seconds…

 It looks like she is thinking about something in silence.

 "Is it for my sake?"

 "That’s my intention… Well honestly, I get the feeling that with you being in charge of the support and funds, we could avoid the worst case scenario."

 "I see, thanks for the honest answer."

 Aisha's eyes opened.

 "Onii-chan, if I reject your request here, would you hate me?"

 "There is no way I would do that. It might be a bit troublesome, but I think it’s okay for you to reject it."

 "…"

 Aisha stretched both her arms out to me timidly.

 When I spread my arms, she immediately gave me a strong hug.

 "I understand. If Onii-chan said so, then I will try to do my best.

 "Thanks."

 Though I feel that I’m being a bit bossy here…

 But, that’s not a mistake.

 With this, I can expect some good results.

 Together with Rinia, doing something in this new job, Aisha should be able learn something.

 She might learn something different from what I expect, but that should be okay.

 I'd like to think so.

 …By the way Aisha, hasn't your chest somehow gotten quite big.

 This… might be around a D-cup.

 Although she isn't that tall, her chest is huge.

 I guess she's becoming a glamorous woman.

 Just a little more and she will become like Lilia.

 No, I do not care about my little sister's chest.

 "Thank you, Onii-chan."

 "No, I am the one who needs to say that, thank you for listening to my request."

 "I, will listen to anything that you say Onii-chan."

 Smiling mischievously, Aisha getting her way with me.

 It's her usual smile.

 Turning towards Rinia with that smile still on her face, Aisha reached out her hand.

 "Like that, let's work hard together!"

 "Ri, right Nyah!"

 They exchanged a firm handshake.

 These two people who were on bad terms as superior and subordinate…

 Well, let's forget the past and work hard like this.

 Finally, Aisha made plans for the future, her ideal image, and a speech, then left that place.

 For now, let's hope that the next time I come back nothing terrible has happened.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
