Volume 19  7 — Company Venture

Volume 19 Chapter 7: Company Venture

 

 Part 1

 (!)

 On the topmost floor of the Quagmire Tower.

 There, stood a young knight just entering his 15th year of life, Lionheart, who gripped his sword with a rough breath.

 "Huff…… Huff……"

 "Kukuku, what’s wrong Hero, is this the end?"

 Standing before him is a creepy guy, wearing a dark grey colored robe and a suspicious white mask to hide his face.

 "With only that level of skill, did you really think that’s enough to defeat this Great Evil Mage, Rudeu……Ehm, I mean Rudo Ronuma?"

 "Damn, daa~~mn it "

 Clenching his sword, Lionheart forced his heavy foot to take a step forward and swung his sword in an all out attack.

 But, Rudo Ronuma easily parried that attack and pointed his right hand towards Lionheart.

 At that moment, an invisible shock wave ran through the room, blowing Lionheart back from where he stood.

 "Guwaaa?"

 "Ah! Lionheart!"

 A heartbreaking cry could be heard from the woman who was chained in the corner of the room.

 Dressed in a pale pink dress was a lovely woman with a silver coronet on her head.

 She is the princess from a small country in the northern lands, Twall, her name is Geltraude.

 "Calm down Princess, I will beat this Pervert rascal immediately! Let’s return to Twall after that…!"

 After encouraging himself with his line, Lionheart forced himself back up onto his tottering feet, and with all his power he turns around to Geltraude to give her a reassuring smile.

 Moreover, Rudo Ronuma is already panicked.

 "Wha, hey, who did just you call Pervert!?"

 "It’s you! To strip the Princess of her panties, moreover WEARING THEM ON YOUR HEAD… KNOW SHAME!"

 "Tha, that’s not true! This, this is my wife's genuine panties! I wouldn’t do something as impolite as that…!"

 It's not a matter of whose panties they are.

 Lionheart is the last knight remaining.

 If he is defeated, Princess Geltraude will definitely become Rudo Ronuma's plaything.

 It would only be a matter of time until the Princess' panties are worn over his head.

 "Uo ~O~o!"

 "Too weak!"

 Seeing Lionheart's assault, the Evil Magician Rudo Ronuma dodged like a cockroach and then launched another shockwave attack.

 This has already been repeated many times before.

 "Guh~a…… Sheet…… Princess, I can’t lose in front of the Princess that I love……!"

 Even though his whole body is battered, Lionheart's eyes did not lose their fire.

 His mission is one of love, he must defeat Rudo Ronuma.

 "Kukuku, that's some great loyalty. However, for the king to send so few people to rescue the kidnapped princess, is that really worthy of your loyalty?"

 "This doesn’t have anything to do with the country, I…… I… I love the Princess!"

 Lionheart's heartfelt cry echoed throughout Quagmire Tower.

 Geltraude was so deeply moved, she covered her mouth with her hands and tears began to trickle from her eyes.

 "Uoo~o~o!"

 "Kukuku, what a beautiful love. But, the difference in our ability can't be overcome with love alone!"

 "Guaa!"

 Lionheart was blown away again by Rudo Ronuma.

 "Shi, sheet…… just a bit more……always getting away!"

 "Kukuku, this me you want to beat. I would become extremely weak if I saw a Supard race doll, though the story telling about them in the picture book is different from what the people know……hahahhahahahaha!"

 "!!!"

 Those words made Lionheart stunned.

 Supard race doll, he happens to know about it.

 Before he arrived here a shady fortune teller forced him to listen to his exaggerated fortune, before finally forcing Lionheart to take a Magic race doll.

 He said that it would be useful when the time comes…… but there is no way it’s true!

 Lionheart leaped to his bag that he threw beside the door.

 And took out a doll from within it.

 The doll of an emerald green haired warrior posed with his white spear!

 And, a picture book that tells about his story!

 "Aaa! That's, it can’t be!"

 "Yes, it’s a Supard race--"

 "No doubt about it, that’s the guy who was judged as a bad guy by the world, but he is actually a gentleman who loves children, also a great hero that overthrew Laplace, that’s the doll of Ruijerd Supardia!"

 Lionheart didn’t know that story.

 He didn't read the book.

 But, the effect was excellent.

 "Ah, crap, my power is diminishing…!"

 "This is it! Lionheart! Now!"

 "Uoo~o~o!"

 Rudo Ronuma staggering.

 Princess Geltraude cried.

 Lionheart rushed, gripping his sword.

 Rudo Ronuma's already weak right hand pointed toward him, but it’s too late.

 Lionheart sword piercing very deep into Rudo Ronuma's chest… or not.

 The sound of [gakin] could be heard, it’s the sound of something snapping.

 Under the robe, he wore something also.

 (Ku… so this is also useless ……)

 The next moment, as Lionheart was about to give up.

 "Guaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

 Rudo Ronuma's sudden death throes could be heard, his whole body was enveloped by light, and he was blown backwards.

 Behind him is the balcony.

 With a thud sound, Rudo Ronuma's body struck the handrail of the balcony, and while giving an idiotic [Geffu~~u!] voice, he fell from there.

 This is the third floor of the tower.

 If it’s that magician, a fall from this height won’t be enough to kill him.

 The next moment Lionheart thought so and tried to look under the balcony.

 From under the balcony, a large explosion occurred.

 The blast wave rushed past Lionheart cheeks, causing his hair to become disheveled.

 "?"

 After the explosion subsided, Lionheart tried to look again, and what he saw down there at the bottom of the tower was a hole.

 The trees around where Rudo Ronuma fell are all uprooted, in the center of where the explosion occurred, a crater was formed.

 "……"

 Then, Lionheart realized.

 Perhaps, his last blow just now, destroyed the core of Rudo Ronuma's armor.

 Because of that his magical power went out of control, and Rudo Ronuma exploded like a balloon popping.

 In other words, he won.

 Lionheart has won.

 "Lionheart …!"

 "Princess! It’s safe now!"

 Lionheart rushed over to the Princess, and hugged her.

 "Lionheart …aaa, Lionheart, I believed that you would certainly come to rescue me!"

 "Princess …… I’m aware that for me to fall in love with Princess is something beyond my reach, our social standing is too far apart… but, but…"

 "Aa, something like that didn’t matter for me Lionheart……I… I also love you very much."

 "Princess……Your words just now are too good for me! Well then, let’s return for now!"

 "Yes!"

 The Evil Mage Rudo Ronuma is dead.

 After this, Lionheart is hailed as the hero of this country.

 Given high rank nobility, becoming close companions of the King and the Princess.

 The two of them married, and lived happily ever after.

 The End.

 Part 2

 --- Rudeus's perspective ---

 "Aa~h! That was a close one."

 The mission this time was to [Match The Young Knight Lionheart and The Small Country Princess Geltraude].

 It looks like their descendants will be useful to Orsted.

 Naturally in case of these two people, even if they love each other, they can’t say it because of the difference in their status.

 The king that knows about their love, and was even cheering them on.

 But, the problem is their lineage, so secretly he planned [Let’s make some situation where Lionheart could be a hero] or something like that, but with Lionheart's timid nature there's no way he could make a case for his valor.

 So the king, one way or another, must create a situation for Lionheart to make his stand. So he started a war with the neighboring country and sent Lionheart to the front lines, where of course the timid Lionheart died.

 As a result Princess Geltraude became a political piece, and was married off for political reasons.

 And this series of events were told as a song that was made by Geltraude in her later years.

 A Princess falling in love, to a young knight with a different social standing.

 Knowing that, the king became angry and sent the young knight to the front lines to die.

 The princess didn't understand what her father was trying to do.

 Anyway, my job this time was to fix their twisted fate, and set Lionheart with Geltraude.

 First, I made contact with the king.

 I made a proposal to kidnap the Princess and confine her in the tower in the middle of the forest at the edge of the country, then he could send Lionheart to help her.

 At first the king doubted me, but after using Ariel's name, I persuaded him.

 I, as the Evil Mage Rudo Ronuma, kidnapped the Princess.

 Imprisoning the Princess in a tower, handmade by me.

 It's a cheap structure that would likely fall with a single earthquake, but it’s not a problem for now.

 Before Lionheart started his travel, I, masquerading as a fortune teller, gave him a hint to defeat Rudo Ronuma.

 Taking that opportunity to spread the wonder of the Supard race doll, killing two birds with one stone.

 Later, I returned to the tower, unconcernedly waiting for Lionheart to come and struggle in a hard fight against me before he reversed the situation.

 Though, it sounds easy.

 However, from preparation for negotiations, up to the practice, I did it all by myself.

 Come to think of it later, somehow I feel as if I made it into too large of a scheme.

 "So tired…"

 Anyway, this mission is also a success.

 After receiving words of gratitude from Orsted for my work, I’m back to my home.

 After one month, I return to the magic city Sharia.

 This fatigue, I guess it will be healed by Sylphy.

 Watching that young couple being all lovey-dovey, for some reason I want to see Sylphy's embarrassed expression so much.

 With that, I want to spend the night in a passionate way.

 In order to release my beastly instincts……

 But, lately Sylphy grew accustomed to it, she isn't embarrassed by it that much anymore.

 The other day, when I thoughtlessly snuck a look while she was changing her clothes, she said "Ah, please hold these pants," and handed them to me.

 There's not enough of an element of shyness.

 I wish she had said "Really, Rudi is being lewd," or something like that.

 Part 3

 Anyway, I’m finally back home.

 As usual, Beat is opening the door for me,

 Touching Eris's stomach, groping Sylphy's ass, patting Lara's head, licking Sylphy's ears, my hand getting licked by Leo, and Lucy running away from me……

 I feel relieved when surrounded by my family.

 Come to think of it, in my previous life, when my father came back from his business trip, even though his face looked weary, but seeing his family immediately relieved him, maybe this is how he felt at that time.

 Today is the day when Norn will come home, so while waiting for Norn and Roxy to come back, I think I will spend some leisure time in the living room; while I’m deeply sunken sitting on the sofa.

 Suddenly, I noticed.

 "Ara? Aisha isn't home today? Did she go shopping?"

 As soon as she heard my question, Lilia's complexion changed.

 Quite the complexion she had there.

 Sylphy's face, also somehow looked a little worried.

 Eris's expression is like usual.

 This isn't a good atmosphere.

 I wonder what’s wrong?

 "That is, recently Aisha is often spending her time outside……"

 Lilia said it in an apologetic tone.

 Outside……

 Oh, I see.

 Which reminds me, that last time I asked her to support Rinia's job.

 "That is, actually last time I think I asked her to help in some work, isn't that what she does?"

 "No… though you said it’s work… but, she is associating with some bad looking guys, and it’s still increasing."

 When I heard about bad looking guys, what comes to my mind is Mohican styled guys wearing shoulder pads.

 In the world where gasoline is precious, those fellows ride high emission motorcycles while shouting [Ya-Ha].

 Or some colleagues that often gathered around Rinia.

 “Errrr…Rudy. Recently, I see a lot of strange guys inside of the city and nothing can be done to them. They are all wearing black suits, however, Aisha-chan, is often seen together with those guys."

 It’s still been less than one month since I asked.

 Whatever the circumstances might be, for the city to change this quickly, it seems there isn't any words about some kind of gathering.

 Moreover, black suits…

 U~~m.

 She, is soon turning 14 years old.

 Now she is in her puberty phase, rebellious age, the season of Eight grade illness.

 She will rebel and oppose her brother or parents, the years she will be rebutting with cold words.

 Don’t tell me, that by giving her permission to go out has made some kind of cultural shock happen, damn it!, what has actually happened for her to start socializing with those kind of guys.

 "My apologize, Rudeus-sama. I won’t let Aisha do something like this again, when she comes home tonight, I’ll scold her properly."

 Ah, so that means she isn't staying out all night and comes home in the morning.

 Well then, if it was like that I could feel relieved for the time being.

 The moment I think that, Sylphy said something strange.

 "But, Aisha-chan said that Rudy already gave her permission to do that."

 "…"

 Got my permission?

 With those words, inside my head the worst kind of scenery unfolded.

 While Rinia is taking the application forms for those gathering inside the warehouse, the thugs give a vulgar smile while they lick their lips.

 Their line of sight is gathered toward the two beautiful girls, Rinia and Aisha that are rooted on the spot.

 Inside the cramped warehouse, that way, they encircled them…

 Of course Rinia's battle power is high, but only to a general level.

 Thus, she won’t hold if she is overwhelmed by a great number of enemies.

 Come to think of it, even though Aisha is still a child, recently her body has experienced a spurt of growth.

 Mainly her chest, which is in the process of approaching her mother's.

 And, even from my eyes, as her brother, she is cute.

 A refreshing expression which she inherited from Paul, the effect is doubled to the viewer when combined with her charming double tooth smile.

 Aaa, forgetting such a simple fact.

 Rinia and Aisha, both of them are beautiful.

 How could I leave them alone with gathering a lot of bad guys?

 Isn't that the same as throwing fresh meat into a swarm of sharks?

 … No, I don't have anything that says that they are a collection of bad guys!

 "Eris, why you didn't stop her?"

 "…eeh? Why must I do that?"

 Eris tilted her neck.

 Aah, perhaps Eris isn't that interested in Aisha.

 "Nothing, since those guys must not be that big of a deal."

 No, for Eris, there is no difference between a lion and a cat.

 Even Sylphy and Lilia are concerned about her being surrounded by a lot of bad guys,

 From Eris's point of view, they may not look that bad, only at the level of being mischievous boys.

 No, do not rely on Eris.

 She is pregnant now.

 Besides, I’m the one who’s pulling the strings.

 It’s my responsibility.

 "… I see, it looks like I must resolve this myself."

 Since I didn't particularly tell Aisha who to hang out with, I won’t blame her.

 Even the so called 「A Lot of Bad Looking Guys」, if I talk to them they might actually turn out to be good guys.

 But, there is something called limit to everything.

 After all Aisha is still underage, she might be treated as some kind of convenient woman by some of her colleagues, as her older brother, I think it’s my duty to give her some help.

 I think, Paul will also do the same thing.

 No, I think Paul is also classified as the [Bad Looking Guys].

 "Do you know their hangout?"

 "I'll show you."

 Said Eris immediately.

 But, she is pregnant.

 She can't go no matter what.

 If a fight broke out, it will surely turn into something dangerous which is not good.

 "I’ll go too."

 Sylphy volunteering herself, but I shook my head.

 "… No, I will go alone for the time being."

 Assuming the worst case happened… Besides, if nothing bad has happened, there is no need to trouble them.

 So, first, I have to move alone, to see the situation.

 Thinking so, I leave my house again as soon as I came, I’m moving in the direction of Aisha's hangout.

 Part 4

 Sylphy told me the directions.

 Third Street of the adventurers district.

 Far from the main street, there is the place.

 It’s a splendid two-story building, made of anti-magic brick.

 Its shape is similar to an adventurer guild, or a tavern.

 But, there is some kind of different feeling with the latest addition of a sign painted with black ink, in the middle of that sign is the mark of a ferocious tiger.

 As I was about to go inside, the doors opened, and what appeared from inside the room were men completely dressed in black.

 All members are wearing the same black coat, with the same lucky tiger mark as the sign on the door attached on their backs.

 And for some reason, they were carrying things like hoes and sickles.

 "Ssha! I~tsuzo~o~o! Raa~a!"

 "Ooosssuuuu!"

 While they’re shouting their full of fighting spirit yells, they passed without taking a glance at me, till they disappeared along the main street.

 So scary.

 That, they absolutely won’t do something like cheering for a baseball game right?

 Without a doubt, they will usually practice battle against lions in nude while shouting 「Tiger is stronger than Lion!」.

 That was dangerous, I guess it’s okay now.

 No, thanks to Orsted's training I've also become stronger recently.

 As a precaution, I also wore the Magic Armor from the office.

 So it will be all right. Definitely all right.

 Therefore I won’t lose against these degree of thugs.

 I can’t afford to back down now.

 That cute Aisha together with such rough fellows in a place like this.

 No matter how clever she is, Aisha is still powerless against them.

 She always comes home at night, but I wonder what happens during the day…

 One cannot look for help.

 Even in a case where many opponents come out.

 It’s all right. Now is the time to use the tactics against a great number of enemies.

 After countering with three punches, turn back for a moment, then counter one punch with three punches again.

 "E, Excuse me ……"

 Opening the doors, I’m entering the building.

 Immediately arriving at the lobby… I guess.

 A spacious room, with barrels lined up at fixed intervals.

 Why barrels, I can’t think of any reason for that.

 But they’re using barrels as a substitute for the tables.

 Placing liquor bottles on the barrels, they’re leisurely enjoying their drinks.

 This place is like a bar.

 However, there is one thing that certainly makes it different from a normal bar.

 Everyone inside, they’re wearing the same identical black coat with the mark of the tiger on their back similar to the group I just saw outside.

 Look so~ dangerously scary.

 "Have some kind of business here?"

 I then noticed, from inside someone from the beast race with a Lion face was approaching me.

 He was taller than me, even his width was larger.

 His black coat making [PichiPichi] sounds is bulging and almost torn off.

 It appears he has a wonderful amount of muscle, and I’m sure that it’s his pride.

 But, fighting force isn't determined by the amount of the muscle alone.

 Even President Orsted and Ruijerd didn't look as macho and strong as him.

 "Eeeerr, that, my younger sister, I've come to meet her but, is she really here?"

 But, manners come first.

 For example, if this person is someone strong who loves to quarrel, then I must make him overlook me.

 Honorifics in the first meeting, that is the secret of my success in this world.

 It doesn't mean that I’m scared of him.

 "Sister …?"

 While this beast race frowned with a doubtful face, he looked over the lobby.

 Looking at it calmly, there are many guys wearing black coat, as well as many women.

 They don't particularly look like bad guys, none of them has the look of a veteran warrior.

 At least, magic university student is one rank above them in terms of their tough look.

 Bad looking guys… I’m really wondering, are they really bad?

 Anyway, it looks like among everyone inside, Aisha isn't one of them.

 "Pardon my impoliteness…"

 After noticing me, that Beast guy brought his face closer to mine.

 Hey- what is this! Stop it!

 Hey you, what kind of place is this?

 I, I’m acquainted with Orsted you know!

 From his position the man didn't move at all, only his nose was moving while sniffing me.

 It seems my smell is bad.

 Or something like that, how embarrassing.

 "…?"

 The man, while sniffing me raises his eyebrows.

 "…!"

 And, he is staring at my face intently, [thud] he took two steps back and fell on his behind.

 Dangerous, it looks like I’m very smelly right now.

 Which reminded me that I hadn't taken a bath yet since I came home.

 "You, could it be, Aisha-san?"

 So the man asked me.

 It looks like, my identity is discerned from my smell for the time being.

 "Ah, Yes! I’m the one called Rudeus Greyrat. My younger sister… does Aisha happen to be here?"

 How could I have forgotten, self introduction is also important.

 Naming oneself, to make clear about your affiliation, is also the first important step of communication.

 Incidentally, it looks like my name is quite famous in this city.

 I guess by introducing myself, it put some kind of restraint.

 "Swo~sh"

 As soon as I said my name, the atmosphere instantly changed.

 The people that could hear my name, all of the members, now turn their head toward me.

 "Greyrat ……"

 "Then he is ……"

 "To think that the day to meet him someday finally came………"

 Somehow I could perfectly feel the atmosphere of being away.

 This looks bad.

 This sensation, somehow made me feel a little nostalgic.

 Like when I was apologizing long ago to some group when Eris made a big ruckus with them, that kind of feeling.

 Maybe, it’s already too late and Eris already beat them once.

 Nn? So, then why didn't Aisha come back?

 Ah, perhaps, they already gave Aisha some detailed instructions.

 Oioi, then, Aisha is here by her own will?

 Impossible.

 Certainly, they must have used some kind of threat.

 Sheet, how could I made such a blunder, to give out my name.

 Maybe it’s alright if I named myself as Mysterious Masked Magician, Rudo Ronuma.

 In other words, there is no point in arguing over it.

 "…… he is the, the president!"

 "… the president!"

 "President Rudeus …!"

 When I begin to think about that.

 The people began to surround me, and lowered their heads.

 From standing at attention, they bowed 45 degrees toward me.

 Everyone started doing that all at once.

 What is this?.

 "Ee~rrr"

 Looking, at the beast race youth earlier, he was showing me the top of his head.

 "Inexcusable, for not having even known President's face…"

 "Eh?"

 "This way please, I will take you to the adviser."

 "Adviser? Ah, Yes."

 Normally in this situation it would not be wise to follow him…

 But to see what's inside I must follow this Beast race youth whose muscles extend even to his tail.

 He will guide me, for now I'll follow him.

 "Go on ahead."

 Climbing the stairs, I was guided towards the innermost part of the building.

 It’s a dim room with the curtain closed.

 The wall is decorated with a portrait of an enigmatic looking ikemen (handsome guy), such a weird room.

 At that place, that guy stopped.

 In that place, resides the number one bad guys in this city.

 Those two were also wearing the same kind of black coats.

 Furthermore, they’re wearing white mufflers on their necks even though it will be summer soon, and inside this closed and dim room, they’re wearing sunglasses.

 Dressed like that they’re sitting facing each other, counting gold coins with a sinister grin and a smile.

 “Nyahahahahaha. As I thought, purchasing sunglasses was the correct choice after all. The radiance from these good coins will surely make me blind Nya!"

 That one is laughing aloud while giving the sinister smile.

 Because of the lighting effect, I could even see her teeth shining gold from all the coins.

 I can’t recognize her face because of the sunglasses…

 But there's no mistake, the eyes behind those glasses are dollar signs.

 Her eyes are done for.

 "E~r, this is this month's payment nya!"

 "U~mu"

 And, nodding her head, is also a young girl wearing sunglasses.

 She, also sitting on a chair, was swaggering with a bossy attitude like some kind of important person.

 In such a posture, she proudly raised her hand and received a bag of gold coins from the first woman.

 It seems the number of the gold coins is around ten pieces.

 Judging from the appearance, it’s not Asura gold coin, but Ranoa Kingdom gold coin that are usually used and seen in this area.

 The young girl proceeded to count its number, then threw the gold coins in a gold bag that was in the vicinity.

 And, [sarasara] wrote the amount of money on a piece of paper and signed it with her signature, then returned it to the first person.

 "U~mu, certainly."

 “Of course Nya! "

 "And then?"

 The young girl, giving a signal to the woman with her chin.

 "Nyahehehe, and this is the adviser fee Nya!"

 The woman picking some gold coins from the tower of gold coins on top of the table, and passing it to the young girl.

 5… No, 6 coins.

 "Here, even after this please keep giving your support Nya?"

 "Of course"

 "Nyafuhihihi, Adviser-sama is so evil Nyah."

 "He~h, not as evil as Rinia-san."

 While a bad smile raised from the young girl's lips, she received a different money bag from the one gold bag that she was handed earlier.

 Then, that gold bag immediately disappeared into her cleavage.

 "Ah!"

 Then, they noticed the Beast race youth and me.

 "Chief Rinia, Adviser Aisha. President Rudeus is coming for inspection."

 The two people that were dressed like mafia bosses were Aisha and Rinia.

 Part 5

 I was sitting on the nearby sofa.

 Aisha and Rinia sat right in front of me.

 "This, how did it turn out like this?"

 For now, I will try to listen to what really happened.

 Someone must explain this, I have that kind of feeling.

 Certainly, I ordered Aisha and Rinia to collect the people in the city.

 But, the building that I lent them for that purpose isn't here,

 And I never said to them to make those guys put on black coats, and the number of people gathering here already surpassed my assumption.

 "U~m, I’m really doing it according to what you said Onii-chan, to gather people, and then use the gathered people to start a new business."

 "… hoo, tell me in detail."

 Then Aisha explained it to me.

 Everything that happened since then, immediately after Aisha and Rinia gathered the people.

 Then, focused in gathering the students and graduates from the magic university, and adventurers guild, they succeeded in gathering 30 people right away.

 Suddenly they had 30 people.

 That’s when they became concerned, the warehouse that I bought became cramped in no time.

 So Aisha made her move, she sold the warehouse on the same day;

 Using her connections to recruit sponsors, it looks like they managed to rent this building.

 By the way, it looks like Zanoba and Cliff are their sponsors.

 The portrait hanging in this room, is my portrait that was drawn by Zanoba.

 Too much beautification, it almost didn't resemble me.

 "But, as I thought they simply gathered here, they didn't have any sense of unity at all. We must do something regularly."

 With the number of people that gathered, and the number of days till I return.

 Unless one gives direction in what they will do, it seemed they would scatter immediately.

 So, Aisha went to the Sky Castle to get some advice from Nanahoshi.

 Taking the whistle to call Perugius from the table inside my room, she summoned Arumanfi.

 After giving her greeting to Perugius, she got some advice from Nanahoshi.

 "Eh? You met Perugius-sama?"

 "Yeah. That person is so cool."

 To go to such a scary place without my knowledge.

 If she offended him, her life would've been forfeit.

 No, that person is very lenient, I guess he won’t do something so childish against a minor.

 If she innocently said that he is cool, Sylvaril too will be nice to her.

 "Then?"

 According to Nanahoshi's recommendation, what we need is [Uniform] and [Manner].

 If everyone is wearing the same clothes, it will create a sense of solidarity.

 After accomplishing that, even without doing anything, they won’t scatter.

 Furthermore, by teaching the troops about some correct manners, they will boost their sense of faith in the business and easily gain their trust.

 Aisha, moving according to Nanahoshi's advice, from her acquaintance of a clothes shop, she bought a stockpile of cheap clothes.

 And the one they had a quantity of was this gloomy black coat.

 Aisha, without thinking too much about it, bought them.

 She purchased yellow cloth with her own money, then it looks like she sewed rat marks into them one-by-one.

 A rat mark.

 Because I’m a Greyrat, so it’s a rat.

 Because of the Black cloth on the yellow shirt, I was almost certain that it was a tiger mark.

 Isn't that nice, that tiger mark over there is so cool, I could almost say that.

 Anyway after they're wearing same the identical garments, Aisha taught them how to bow.

 The same one I'm most skillful at, a respectful bow of 45 degrees. Otherwise commonly known as OJIGI.

 After all of them memorized that, they would be known as a courteous organization.

 Thus, it’s the beginning of the complete formation of a group of people in black clothes.

 After that, Aisha thought about what these guys could do.

 However, majority of the beast race here is actually yearning for Rinia.

 They didn't have any talent except for combat, their hobby is muscle training, and many of them don't know their alphabet or numbers, let alone how to read.

 Although there are some smart guys among them, the ratio of smart guys to muscle heads is only 1 percent.

 Taking advantage of that fact, the only thing that came to mind was forming a mercenary company.

 Thus, it was decided that they will form a mercenary company.

 Then, the name of the group was also decided.

 Using the pseudonym that I always use, it’s named [Rudo Mercenary Company].

 But, this place is in the Magic Triumvirate.

 And, in the middle of these 3 countries, Magic city Sharia is relatively peaceful.

 Without any experience in war, it would take time for them to prepare.

 Facing these circumstances, Aisha devised a new plan, the one so-called as Bodyguard business.

 With fixed amount of money for the fixed amount of time, the company dispatches several mercenaries.

 Out of the several people dispatched, the one with the best head for battle is selected as the commander.

 Also, if one of the mercenaries is injured or dies, then another mercenary is immediately dispatched to replace them.

 As it’s said, the bodyguard is bound by their contract.

 It’s definitely not a gangster organization.

 Absolutely not a gangster organization.

 "So if we start with that kind of work, things like fame will instantly come."

 Rinia is a Dedorudia princess indeed.

 Strangely this mercenary business could easily gain trust, there are also good relationships between the members, and with Aisha promoting it they instantly became famous.

 After 14-15 days from the start of business, they received contracts from the Knight of Rania Kingdom, the head of the Magic Guild, and the Magic Tool Workshop.

 Registered beginner members also increased at the same time, now, nearly 50 people in black suits are loitering around this town.

 From adventurers and order of the knights, students, blacksmith, to magic tool shop, various occupational factions exist in this city, of course quarreling and brawling also often happens.

 Hence, comes the existence that stands on the neutral side to protect them. The cracks between each faction demand such an existence.

 But one wrong move and the mercenaries themselves will become a new faction…

 But Aisha thinks it's okay, because they receive various jobs from various factions without giving any special treatment.

 "Because of that, my payment is separated from the money we paid toward the company, we gained more profit than I thought."

 "Really Nya, to think that we could earn this much money for the company Nya. We’re honest fellows Nya."

 For the time being.

 There is little difference from being an adventurer and being a bodyguard.

 In the month since the launch, it seems they've earned a decent amount, and their cash flow has already stabilized.

 The individual pay isn't that large of course, it will still take some time for Rinia to clear her debt.

 However, with the business as it is now, it's still possible to expand.

 After gathering the capital, we could expand or start a new business, Rinia might be able to pay off her debt in one go.

 And if that's the case, by the time Rinia pays down around half her debt, I could probably write a cancellation of debt letter. I'm not particularly attached to money anyway.

 Honestly, I was expecting them to do something completely different.

 What they've created is very different from my expectations, but they've been successful, so it's okay.

 I mean, even I didn't expect it to be going this well right now.

 The secret of success, I guess it's because of Aisha's management.

 Giving her the role to keep an eye on the company fund has paid off.

 This genius girl has finally become serious, no mistake about it, it just will take a little more time.

 I mean, like this she'll start doing everything more seriously.

 "But Aisha, to think that you were this fond of money…"

 "Eh, it’s not like that!"

 Unintentionally I said it with a sigh, because of that unexpected line Aisha is pouting and looks somewhat displeased.

 "The one I love is Onii-chan! Because Onii-chan told me to do so, I’m working very hard right?"

 "Aisha…"

 Her eyes are sparkling…

 So cute~~.

 I feel relieved that I don’t feel anything toward my little sister.

 "Also, it will be worrying if this cat ends up back at home."

 Ah, so that’s her real intention.

 Though I feel that their relationship was looking good a while ago, I wonder if the reality isn't like that?

 No, that is that, this is this.

 "Regardless of what happened, well done!"

 "Ehehe, Thank you"

 When I patted her head, she gave a satisfied smile.

 Anyway.

 With this, we could expect Rinia to pay her debt.

 With this, guys that have business acumen who could do office jobs will surely come.

 A clerk for Orsted's office, and also we could hire a talented merchant to handle Ruijerd doll marketing.

 To think things could progress this quickly in only a month.

 As expected of Aisha.

 I might have been underestimating her true ability.

 "But, because Lilia is a little worried, we must talk a bit when we get back home."

 "E~~, since mother's being so stubborn, she didn't want to hear my explanation. I-I want to try a little longer doing this job."

 "It's okay. I will specially ask her, and give a proper explanation."

 If someone is forced to do things against their will, it won't usually end well, but this experience has actually motivated her.

 If the person herself is this motivated, then let’s see how things go for a while longer.

 I mean, right now she is about to witness the fruits of her efforts, it’s not like she is putting this in a more important position than her maid job at home.

 "I understand. I will believe you, Onii-chan. Since Onii-chan is so naive towards mother, can you really give a proper explanation?"

 "Ah."

 Thus, I obtained subordinates.

 The name is the [Rudo Mercenary Company].

 My first subordinates.

 After this I could finally use my subordinates.

 My dream expanded.

 Part 6

 "Ah, that’s right boss!"

 When I was about to go back home with Aisha tagging along, Rinia suddenly called out to me.

 "What?"

 "While you were working, a letter from the Great Forest CAME Nyah!"

 Hou~, from the Great Forest.

 I wonder if it’s from Pursena?

 While thinking that, Rinia handed me the letter.

 It’s addressed to Rinia, so the seal is already opened.

 There is no sender name.

 And yet, why does Rinia know that this letter came from the Great Forest?

 I wonder if it's from the smell?

 Without waiting I immediately took the letter, and read what’s written in there.

 "…!"

 What’s written in there, there isn't any date or season of the year.

 Just a single line.

 Written in beast god language.

 [Grave Situation, Holy Beast-sama has disappeared! Urgent Search ASAP!]

 "Well, it looks like Holy Beast-sama's disappearance has become a problem Nya~"

 With her hand folded behind her head, Rinia said that while laughing [Nyahahaha].

 "……"

 I decided to go to the Great Forest.

 To apologize to the beast race while bringing a box of cake.

 'Rudo Mercenaries'

 President: Rudeus Greyrat.

 Representative Director: Rinia Dedorudia.

 Adviser and vice president: Aisha Greyrat.

 Company Employees: 50 people

 Main Company: ORSTED Corp. branch company

 Sponsor: Silent Seven Star.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
