Volume 19  8 — Dorudia Village Once More

Volume 19 Chapter 8: Dorudia Village Once More

 

 Part 1

 The summary so far: Holy Beast-sama's matter comes first

 Three members will go to the Great Forest: Rinia, Holy Beast Leo and me.

 Eris also wanted to tag along, but as one would expect, her stomach had already become quite big, so she refrained.

 Because her toy, which is me, is often lost [going to work]. Recently, Eris has been saving quite an amount of stress.

 She'd probably be happy if I managed to bring back another Beast race child as my replacement [sacrifice] fresh from their tribe, because they have plenty.

 Rinia had the opposite reaction and said [I don’t want to go, I will only end up working under Pursena in that case], but if I was the only one that went, they won’t be very convinced. So her role is convincing them.

 The truth is, right after Leo was summoned, I wanted to send a letter to them but completely forgot about it.

 Such a failure.

 Well despite the stubborn Beast race, I am an adult now…

 It won't end up like last time.

 This time, I’ve already prepared a long and strong argument and will bring Rinia and Leo with me.

 Because of this trip, the mercenary company has been left to Aisha.

 The management itself won’t become a problem, since originally, Aisha handled it by herself.

 Also, the company employees that originally only relied on Rinia are now starting to respect Aisha.

 Since this is only a short and temporary trip, there won’t be any problems.

 Honestly, with this trip, the schedule for Orsted's jobs has been put a bit out of order.

 But, such things will become the root of evil in the distant future, so it’s better to take care of it in its early stages.

 If we don’t do this ASAP, they will only become more enraged as time passes.

 And one year later, it won’t be strange if hordes of the beast race suddenly come and challenge me to a war.

 That would be very troublesome.

 However, I will try to persuade them, rather than make them face Orsted's scary face. I will bring Leo as my lawyer, and Orsted will be in charge of my home defense in the meantime.

 Thanks to my appearance, many of his strategic plays are going smoothly, so it looks like there won’t be any problems for now.

 Even though I say that…

 I don't have a magic teleportation circle in our office's basement that's connected to the Dorudia Village.

 The magic teleportation circle in our office's basement that leads to the Great Forest is quite a distance from Dorudia Village.

 Regarding that matter, it’s time to request Perugius's help and at the same time thank him for the matter with Aisha.

 It’s possible that he knows about the abandoned transfer magic circle in the ancient ruins in the northern part of the Great Forest.

 Part 2

 When I came to greet him and ask for his assistance, Perugius was sitting on his throne surrounded by Sylvaril and his other 10 familiars as usual.

 One familiar is missing, but it’s already well-known that he dispatched one of his familiars to Ariel's palace as his ambassador.

 "So to the Great Forest, huh?"

 "Is there any problem?"

 "Nope, did you want to go there immediately?"

 "I think it’s better if we move as soon as possible."

 When I tell Perugius about my business in the Great Forest, he puts on a perplexed face. But that’s only for a moment - he immediately gives a nod to my request.

 Does he really forgive me for using him as a substitute for a taxi?

 As I thought, Perugius-sama is really a generous person.

 "Even so, the Holy Beast huh… That’s made me remember unpleasant memories."

 Perugius is looking at Leo. Somehow, he made a complicated face.

 He should have known that the being I summoned was Holy Beast-sama, but this is their first meeting.

 Even when he is under Perugius's gaze, Leo is sitting still with a calm face.

 Rather, the one who is getting scared is Rinia.

 It looks like even though she has already met him once with Aisha, she isn't quite used to Perugius's presence yet.

 "The other day, it seems my little sister gave you a little trouble."

 "I don’t mind. She is a clever person, and I don’t dislike such a person."

 It looks like Aisha was forgiven. While waving his hand, Perugius's expression looks like he is in a good mood.

 When I see that he really means it and doesn't have any ill intentions, it looks like Aisha was well accepted.

 "By the way, it seems like your daughter has already been born."

 "Yes, did you hear that from Aisha?"

 "U~mu. Isn't it a nice thing that it isn't a green haired male?"

 Perugius said so with his inquiring voice.

 "… Yes. I feel relieved that she isn't Laplace's reincarnation."

 Hearing my answer, Perugius directs his smile at me.

 "Ho~u. Did you already hear about the ancient Dragon race reincarnating from Orsted?"

 "Yes."

 "If that is the case, just remember this: If your son is Laplace's reincarnation, I will hunt him down to the bitter end."

 Saying that, Perugius smiled while baring his teeth at me.

 Scary.

 "…As for me, I hope that won’t happen."

 I'm not sure about my current stance on Laplace, as I'm not ready for such a matter.

 According to Orsted's story, he is the oldest surviving warrior from an ancient Dragon race who continues a very, very long battle against Hitogami.

 If that is the case, as far as that matter is concerned, he is my ally.

 However, that’s only as far as concerning how to defeat Hitogami. Aside from that, we're in different factions. As far as deceiving Ruijerd and being an enemy of Perugius is concerned, Laplace is my enemy.

 If he's born as my son, I don't know how I would face such a problem.

 Well, it’s not like I must worry too much about this matter.

 Where, when, and whom Laplace is reincarnated to, Orsted will definitely tell me when the time has come.

 Although my appearance caused a wide array of other possible futures…

 Yeah, about Laplace's strong fate, I don’t think I will have any influence on it.

 "Thinking about how you and I would be baring our fangs against each other though, if Laplace is about to be reincarnated, it would be nice if you came here first to discuss that matter with us."

 After Perugius says that to comfort me, he stands up from his throne.

 He doesn't continue that discussion with me.

 But, from his talk and that mood, it’s not likely he would leave Laplace alone.

 There's a possibility that he would change from his usual kind manner and suddenly go for the kill.

 "Well then, the preparation for this magic teleportation circle will take quite a while. In the meantime, you can rest in one of my castle's rooms."

 After saying that, Perugius left his throne room.

 Part 3

 It takes a while to prepare the magic teleportation circle.

 Thus, I went to greet Nanahoshi, but she wasn’t in her usual room.

 I asked Yuruzu-san, who was walking down the corridor just now, where she was, and it seems that she is currently deep in the study of applications of magic teleportation circles.

 I hear that there are many important things that she needs to memorize.

 I believe that it is something that will need my cooperation but…

 For the time being, I will leave the homemade potato chips and the salted Onigiri in her room.

 Her comfort food.

 After that, I moved to the private room that was assigned for us, and waited for the magic teleportation circle to be readied.

 Rinia's eyes glow brightly when she sees this ultra wonderful room, and she immediately jumps into the soft and fluffy looking sofa.

 "Haa~… Putting Boss aside, Aisha sure is fearless Nya, to be able to speak on equal ground with such a scary person Nya…"

 Rinia complained while stretching her body.

 I don’t know what kind of conversation happened between Aisha and Perugius.

 But I think Aisha hasn't caused any problems since Perugius isn’t in a bad mood.

 But, because Aisha would sometimes accidentally be blunt (open) about her real intentions.

 I’m a little worried.

 … There might be some kind of plotting behind the scenes.

 "Rinia. He's not a peer. My position is below him. As for forgiving Aisha's somewhat impolite way of speech, it’s because Perugius-sama is a very generous person."

 "Is that so? Afraid of boss' boss that Dragon God person perhaps? Though I haven't met him, he's very scary right? He even made Cliff tremble in fear Nya."

 "Shut it! No way that could be true!"

 Because I'm unaffected by Orsted's curse, unlike you.

 As for this conversation, it will all be directly transmitted straight to Perugius.

 The tea or the dust-cloth might contain a hidden camera…

 Seriously…

 While we’re having such a conversation, the time passes, and Sylvaril appears with a somewhat sullen mood.

 As I thought, she heard our conversation.

 "Since Perugius-sama is a very generous person, he truly considers Rudeus-sama one of his best friends."

 That word perfectly nailed me in my heart.

 Of course, I knew from her tone.

 This idiot cat just said something that isn’t supposed to be said.

 Well~, to think that Perugius-sama thinks of me as his friend is quite an honor.

 While I’m saying these flattering lines, though a bit blatant, Sylvaril's sullen mood isn’t even fixed one bit.

 "…Since the preparations are finished, please come with me."

 Because of Sylvaril's sullen mood, we’re urged outside the room.

 With her as our guide, we moved towards the Sky Castle's basement.

 We also used this dark-labyrinth-like place when teleporting to the Magic Continent.

 There, in one of the rooms with dim lighting stood two people, Perugius and Nanahoshi.

 In front of them, as usual, is a transfer magic circle carved there.

 But, for some reason, the transfer magic circle isn’t shining.

 It seems it isn’t activated yet.

 While I was wondering what was wrong, Nanahoshi was standing nearby carrying a magic crystal in each of her hands.

 She takes a deep breath.

 "The practical use is still the same as usual, but always follow the proper rules."

 "Yes…"

 While Nanahoshi says that, she comes closer to the transfer magic circle.

 "Rudeus, step in here. If this fails, then please forgive me."

 With a face filled with a tensed expression, Nanahoshi signals me to step into the magic circle.

 It seems that, this time Nanahoshi will be the one who activates the magic circle.

 Guinea pig for practical class?

 I won’t voice any complaints. Since we were the ones that asked for help.

 "Sylvaril, did you already give them the map?"

 "I’m sorry master, I forgot about that matter."

 With Perugius's words, Sylvaril takes a single piece of paper from her bosom and gives it to me.

 I take a look at the contents after received it from her.

 Confirming the position of the place, I see Dorudia Village is located at the edge of the map, and our current transfer point is in one of the ancient ruins.

 It will take around half a day to get to the Dorudia village from our position.

 Perhaps because it is located in the forest, it seems pretty close…

 For now, I will try to show it to Rinia.

 "Ah! If it was from this place, I already know Nya. It’s okay, it is pretty close Nya."

 And, that was her reply.

 If that's the case, it seems it is going to be okay.

 Nonetheless, it’s already been ten years since I went to that place, so it’s better if I leave navigation to the local resident.

 I mean, Sylvaril-san.

 If Perugius hadn't mentioned the map, it looks as if you would have had no intention to give the map to me.

 That's not good, that’s quite a dark personality.

 I'll tell on you to Perugius-sama…

 "Well then, begin."

 "Yes."

 Nanahoshi squats on the ground near the transfer magic circle with a magic crystal in both of her hands. She starts writing something on the ground with a brush.

 "Be prepared for the worst, you will only have a moment after the magic circle is activated. Once you get to the other side, take care of yourselves, is that clear?"

 "?……Yes"

 While the process continued, I reflexively replied to Perugius's words.

 …I guess it's a countermeasure against monster swarms.

 Oh wait a minute.

 Could it be, now is that time of the year?

 "Ah! Wai---"

 Coincidentally, Rinia also realizes it at the same time as me.

 However, by the time we noticed, Nanahoshi had already finished the preparations.

 On the ground where she wrote with a brush previously, she placed her magic crystals there.

 As soon as we said that, the magic circle that was only dimly lit before released a brilliant light, and my body is immediately sucked into the magic circle.

 Part 4

 "Uwaph!"

 By the time I noticed it, my body is already submerged in the water.

 I was soaked up to my stomach where I was standing on the magic teleportation circle.

 Instantly after that, the magic circle lost its brilliant light.

 "Nya! As I thought, it was the rainy season now!"

 While Rinia is busy screaming like that, I’m carrying Leo.

 Leo is being carried like baggage, it's only natural, afterall his whole body would be underwater.

 It’s regrettable though, the box full of cake also got wet.

 The water temperature is cold.

 If we didn't find somewhere dry soon, we would definitely catch a cold.

 Well, even the common cold could be cured immediately with detoxification magic.

 While I was looking for stairs to the upper level, I noticed the stairs going up were missing.

 If it was like that, then…

 I summoned a spirit of light to become our torch and searched around the room for stairs leading down.

 It looks like this room is the top floor of the structure, so it couldn't be completely flood.

 "Boss, nyease do something!"

 "Keep your mouth shut and wait a moment."

 As for now, it’s better if we go to a higher place first.

 With the water level of this place, there should be no water at the area above here.

 While thinking that, I created stairs on the surface of the wall with earth magic, I continue creating it till it reached the ceiling.

 "Fu~h!"

 After destroying it with magic, the ceiling became an exit.

 I went outside.

 Downpour of rain.

 Surveying the surrounding scenery, it is just huge trees after huge trees lined up one after another, looking up, the sky is not visible due to the dense foliage.

 Below, the whole area is flooded by a stream of muddy water.

 It’s like the scenery of an illusionary forest in the middle of a river.

 No doubt about it, this is the Great Forest.

 Currently, I’m standing on top of the ruins.

 Almost all of the ruin is submerged by the flood.

 "That was dangerous Nyah, what will we do after this Nyah? We didn’t consider this season Nyah."

 Rinia also came up with Leo.

 "We could walk above the frozen water, or travel by creating a ship with magic."

 "Ooo, as expected of boss Nyah."

 "But, I don’t know the way to Dorudia in this rain."

 "Achishi, I also, with it being like this, don't nyow the way…"

 Yeah.

 After all, this ruin is submerged up to the top floor.

 The depth of water, it’s about 5 meters.

 Anything that could be considered a landmark is likely submerged.

 "Wha, what do we do nya?"

 "How about waiting till the end of the rainy season in this place?"

 "After rainy season is finished, it’s mating season Nya, and then, Achishi I may become of use Nyah."

 I see. Mating season, huh.

 Rather than being at my house, I'm in the middle of traveling, there's a high chance I can't contain my urges.

 I might end up making a move with anyone as long as it's good.

 Oh wait, how about going back to Sharia again, then borrowing some magic item from Orsted…

 "Wan!"

 And, just now Leo barked.

 While stretching his chest, he is looking toward me.

 I guess he's trying to make some sort of request.

 "Is that true Nya?!"

 Rinia is answering him.

 "Wan!"

 "As expected of Holy Beast-sama Nyah!"

 Leo barking and, Rinia responding to him.

 I’m glad that I brought Rinia along.

 As I thought, Bau ○ n Gal is necessary.

 "What is it, Rinia?"

 "He said [I know the way to the village, just prepare the ship] Nyah."

 "Ooo, I see."

 As expected of Holy Beast-sama.

 While thinking that, I made a ship with earth magic.

 Because I created it with the magic arts, the amount of magical power used for it is quite massive.

 But, while I made it as durable as possible, I also made it’s weight as light as possible.

 So that it could maintain its durability I shaped it like a honeycomb, I trapped some air in the hollowed part inside so it will have more buoyancy when we ride it.

 While considering that factor, the ship is finally completed after an hour.

 It’s shaped like a clumsily made square raft.

 Well it’s floating well, and the driving force is by magical power.

 So there won’t be any problem.

 "All right, let's go!"

 "Boss… Is this thing really safe Nya? Is your magical power enough Nya? It won’t sink in the middle of the journey Nyight?"

 "The chance for that is impossible, and we will take a rest on the top of the trees on the way to the village."

 While saying that, I hopped onto the raft.

 It's a little unstable, but that could easily be fixed in the middle of the journey.

 "Ugh, I feel rather uneasy Nya…"

 "Wan!"

 "Ah! Boss, go in that nyirection."

 "OK. Well then, let’s advance."

 I began to propel the raft by manipulating the current in the direction Holy Beast-sama Leo pointed.

 Part 5

 Two days later.

 We arrived at Dorudia Village.

 The distance wasn’t that far actually, but we were getting attacked by monsters from the water along the way, so we got a bit lost.

 The good thing was that Millis [Holy Sword Road] isn’t washed away by the flood, if it was also washed away then maybe we would have been stranded along the way for another ten days.

 "Hey, Look!"

 "It's Holy Beast-sama!"

 "Tell Gyes right now!"

 Dorudia Village, the villagers immediately went into an uproar when they saw us.

 Warriors gathered with a Walla Walla as if we stirred a beehive.

 Everyone is armed.

 "It’s a man from the Human race…"

 "Don’t tell me, he's kidnapped…"

 "Ah, come to think of it, 10 years ago there was a kidnapping spree incident…"

 As the raft got closer and closer, the village warriors became more and more vigilant.

 Their atmosphere seemed to indicate that if we continue approaching them, they will immediately restrain us without question.

 What should we do now? If they capture us, they'll just toss us into prison in our most majestic outfits, our birthday suits.

 While I was feeling uneasy, Rinia stood up.

 "Hello everyone. Gyes Dedorudia's daughter, Rinia Dedorudia has returned Nya!"

 "Eh?"

 When Rinia said her name, the village warriors suddenly became stiff.

 And, after looking intently at Rinia's face, they simultaneously began sniffing.

 "It's true, she is related--"

 "That girl, she's already this big."

 "Twelve, or has it been already thirteen years?"

 My chest now is filled with a nostalgic atmosphere.

 I think it’s okay to feel relieved now, but instantly after I was thinking that…

 "You! I heard about you from Pursena!"

 "Becoming a whatever merchant!"

 "--fulfill your duty to the village!"

 Such jeering came flying around.

 "Aaaaaa, As I thought! Boss turn back the ship! Please turn back Nyah!"

 Ignoring what Rinia said, I continue to drive the ship into Dorudia Village.

 Part 6

 Dorudia Village is just like before, nothing has changed in any way.

 Typical of a secluded area, outsiders will definitely be facing a strong oppression.

 Although, this time I took the initiative by bringing Rinia along, for some reason many of them also remembered me.

 I came to this village 10 years ago.

 The children from that time have already enlisted as the Village warrior corps, they remembered me as soon as they caught my scent.

 Among the veteran warriors, there are also people who I remember.

 For example, the person who poured cold water on me.

 That person, in these 10 years, after giving birth to 5 children, returned to her post as a warrior again.

 Somehow she is a hardworking person.

 They’re welcoming me, Rinia on the other hand is receiving bashing from them.

 "Though she is the patriarch's daughter she has abandoned her duty!"

 "She is a shame of the family!"

 Rinia, who is hiding behind me, is becoming smaller and smaller.

 With tears in her eyes, she is whispering in a low voice [This is why I didn’t want to come along Nya…]

 Of course, you reap what you sow.

 While the villagers were bashing Rinia, a sudden growling sound could be heard from below…

 The wet Holy Beast-sama shook his body to dry his fur, which suddenly caused everyone's focus to converge on him.

 "Rather than Rinia, look it’s Holy Beast-sama!"

 "That’s right, he has returned at last!"

 "Where the heck was he for the past year?"

 After that, as the one who 'stole' him, I explained the story for them.

 Where he was living, how he was summoned…

 While my explanation dragged on, gradually some started to look at me like some unknown creature saying [No way, he left with his companion?] while others began to look at me suspiciously.

 Ooh, somehow this is kind of nostalgic.

 Then someone said [Come to think of it, 10 years ago Holy Beast-sama was really attached to this guy] and after that someone proposed that I stole him, it's looking like I might be thrown into the prison again.

 The moment I though that! Two loud voices rang out from the crowd.

 "ALL OF YOU BE QUIET NYA!"

 "Be quiet!"

 The ones who appeared are two female warriors.

 I remember those faces.

 They’re the daughters of the Beast race that I saved before.

 It’s Minitona, and Terusena.

 These two while acting like their leaders and calming down our surroundings, stepped in front of me.

 "There isn’t any meaning speaking in this place!"

 "The chief will listen to the story in his house! Open the way!"

 And, Just like that I’m taken to Gyes's house for interrogation.

 Part 7

 Gyes had become the Village Chief.

 Seriously injured in the battle against a monster during the rainy season a few years ago, the former Village Chief Gustav, retired.

 Now, after he entrusted the village to Gyes, Gustav is spending his time leisurely in another settlement.

 Maybe because he's become the village chief, for some reason I could see some kind of dignity from Gyes.

 Compared to our previous meeting, he's become fairly calm now.

 In this case, the chance of being falsely accused is zero.

 I was relieved, as I passed him some smoked meat I brought from Sharia I began to explain my situation.

 How I was waging a war against a powerful enemy…

 How to combat that powerful enemy without any distraction I summoned a being that could act as my family's guardian…

 And then, how the one that appeared was the Holy Beast-sama.

 After he finished listening to my story, Gyes had a bitter face.

 "Too absurd, that’s too unbelievable of a story."

 I bet it was.

 When Leo the Holy Beast appeared from the magic circle I was surprised myself.

 "Wafu!"

 "But, Holy Beast-sama, even with that reason…"

 I don’t know what he just said, the Holy Beast-sama was sitting quietly beside me, undoubtedly he spoke to protect me.

 "Holy Beast-sama just said that it's because [The meals in your house are so delicious!], is that true!?"

 "Eh?"

 "I’m just joking. He said that [There is a mission to accomplish, and that is to protect your daughter]."

 After he said that, Gyes sighed.

 [Just joking.]

 That Gyes, now can tell jokes…

 Even so, my daughter.

 Lucy, no, I guess it was Lara.

 Leo is more attached to Lara than to Lucy.

 From what I've seen, he almost never left Lara alone in her baby bed.

 Orsted also said [It looks like Lara is special].

 "Wan!"

 "Hou~, fate is it?"

 Facing each other, Gyes and Leo talking about something.

 However, because of Leo's [WanWan] language, I don’t know what they're actually speaking about.

 "Rinia, please could you translate what they’re actually talking about?"

 "N? Okay nya?"

 Listening to their conversation, Rinia who was seated on my right began translating.

 "Indeed, 100 years after Holy Beast-sama's birth, assisting the person who will save the world… that’s still handed down in our tradition…"

 "Wan! (And nyhat is your, the Dorudia tribe's, mission!)"

 "Indeed that is the Dorudia tribe's mission, until the savior appears, it’s our duty to look after Holy Beast-sama."

 "Wafun! (Now I found it Nya, this person's daughter is the savior.)"

 "Indeed, I guess that is the reason. But, this is unprecedented. To think that the savior's father is the one who summoned the Holy Beast-sama, and had him protect the baby…"

 So it appears that inside Rinia's mind, the Holy Beast is using [wagahai] to refer to himself.

 Somehow that’s made me remember about a certain muscular Demon King.

 Even so, to think that my daughter is the savior…

 Lara who has that brazen face is the savior.

 Come to think of it, Orsted also said something about that…

 I see…

 Now I don't feel that young anymore.

 It looks like I'll have to start teaching Lara from a young age.

 She will be the only child that will be learning about my secret arts directly from me.

 "Wanwan, wanwanwan! (Well then according to the tradition, before she would reach adulthood, if the Savior would die, what would happen!?)"

 "…According to the legend, if the savior dies, the sacred tree will wither, and Holy Beast-sama will die in that weakened state."

 "Grrrrrrrrrr!(And our savior is being targeted! You, did you want to kill me!?"

 "…No, I never meant it that way"

 "Wafu! (In that case, I think there isn’t any problems anymore regarding this!)"

 Somehow Gyes is showing a bitter face.

 Then, as if he was repeating some mourning prayer saying [norinori], he glared at Rinia who was translating.

 Instantly, Rinia curled up and hid herself behind me.

 Don't be like that, I asked you to translate for me, don't give me some funny translation.

 I’m prepared to face the punishment for my crime, I’m the only one who should receive it.

 And then, Gyes spoke.

 "Rinia, is what Holy Beast-sama saying true?"

 "Nye, Nyes. It’s true that Holy Beast-sama towards Bo… towards Rudeus' second daughter, is very concerned about her and always protecting her."

 For Rinia to use [Keigo], how rare.

 This delinquent daughter left in Sharia must be very scared of her father.

 "A daughter of the Human race… It's only been 20 years since Holy Beast-sama was born. I thought there were 80 more years to go, but…"

 "The daughter is half human and half Magic race, therefore I think that she will live for quite a long time nya."

 "So that’s it, I see, if she has a Magic race lineage the possibility for that is quite high…"

 After hearing that fact, Gyes clapped his hands together.

 It looks like he's become quite a thoughtful person in these past 10 years.

 The Gyes from 10 years ago gave me the impression of a reckless youngster who never used his head.

 But he seems to have matured and calmed down now.

 I wonder if this is a characteristic of the Beast race, that after becoming 30 their manners becomes calmer.

 Then the two youngsters behind Gyes suddenly started shouting.

 "For a Magic race to be the Savior is impossible Nya!"

 "He said that Holy Beast-sama was summoned using magic, then he must be being deceived by some strange magic!"

 Terusena and Minitona, somehow they ended up like the old Gyes.

 It’s really funny, when I remember how they were in the old days, giving me their gratitude for saving them… Is this also a characteristic of the Beast race?

 Those two girls aside…

 Certainly, it’s a fact that I summoned Leo by using the magic circle formation that was created by Orsted.

 In that magic circle, it looked like there was some kind of element that made the summoned creature completely obedient…

 Because of that magic, Leo could have been put under the impression that my daughter is the savior…

 "Though it’s low, there is also that possibility. Supposing that is the case, Rudeus-dono would not have come to our village. In any case, the fact that Rudeus-dono came here before us, and how he came to our residence in the Great Forest from the other side of the world to explain this matter… I suppose we should overlook this case."

 "Is, is that so."

 Honestly.

 …I'm sorry, to think that they would understand my situation and overlook this case.

 Please forgive me.

 "About this Holy Beast-sama matter, as for now I think it’s okay "

 "Really?"

 "If Holy Beast-sama is the one to decree it, we will obey."

 "Wafu!"

 Putting his head on my lap Leo was facing me with an expression that said [That’s only natural.]

 I pat him in reflex, and from his face he seems to like it.

 Terusena and Minitona making a [What's with that?!] kind of face, they don't understand.

 Even so, if Holy Beast-sama said [Okay], then it’s okay.

 Or something like that was said by him, according to Rinia's translation.

 She resembles Ghyslaine quite a bit.

 "However, Rudeus-dono. That's for the time being… Isn't it? Then, about 15 years later, when your second daughter reaches adulthood, please bring her here. Following our tradition, she must complete the ritual in the sacred tree. I understand that the trip will take a year, but please let us do our duty."

 "I understand."

 So it’s a ritual.

 I don’t know what kind of ceremony it is, but I guess it is something for formality.

 Let’s not forget about this promise.

 15 years from now, let’s return to the Dorudia village with Lara for her coming-of-age ceremony.

 …In order for me to not forget this future appointment, let’s write this in the diary.

 Leo's matter is already taken care of, at least for now.

 Somehow it’s been resolved easily.

 I sighed and felt relieved, Gyes also relaxed his tense posture.

 The tensed atmosphere in the room is now relaxed.

 Then, suddenly Gyes turned his face towards Rinia.

 [shiver] Rinia's body suddenly trembled.

 "And, Rinia… the Dora cat, why are you living in Rudeus's house?"

 "Ah, that’s right, this fellow, this fellow was trying to start her own business but she borrowed huph~~- "

 "Listen to my wonderful story Nyah!"

 Interrupting what I was saying, Rinia suddenly started telling her own story.

 "After parting with Pursena, I was thinking of starting a new business Nya, then on a certain day I received a divine revelation from the sky, after I had followed that revelation, I arrived at Magic City Sharia, and what I found is that Holy Beast-sama was hidden in there, and then I knew This is it Nyah, because of this I got a revelation to visit this city again, for the sake of looking for Holy Beast-sama, the heavens gave me such a revelation! Achishi, in short there was no way I was gonna forget about the Dorudia tribe's duty, rather it’s the opposite, it’s my duty to return to the village to report this, to fulfill my duty as a warrior from the village!"

 Amazing.

 How dare she shamelessly blurt out such bold lies.

 Perhaps she'd been planning this since she heard about the trip…

 Gyes's face is full of doubt, but it looks like Minitona and Terusena are convinced.

 Just sometime ago they were looking at her with scornful eyes, now they're looking at her with eyes full of respect.

 These girls are so simple.

 But there is a man here who is maintaining his scornful look, a man who has already grown into a respectable adult… He could read this girl like a book.

 And from his own experience he determined that lying isn't good, she should grow up into a respectable adult like him.

 …… But, well lying, is NG.

 "Gyes-san, this fellow here, she was trying to start a new business, but, she was swindled and got saddled with a huge debt, not to mention that she'd been finally sold as a slave and came to my place to get help. Well, you could say that she is tangled in another kind of debt now."

 "I see"

 "Nyaa! Boss, don’t say the true reason!"

 Minitona and Terusena's facial expressions, instantly turn into contempt.

 "And now she is working hard in my house, in order to pay her debt."

 "That… I wonder if she is Rudeus-dono's slave?"

 U~m.

 Come to think of it, Rinia is Gyes's daughter.

 If a man knows that his daughter has become a slave, what would he think?

 If it were me, and Lucy became a slave, I don't think I would let her master get out alive, the chance of that isn't zero.

 But no, lying is bad.

 "That is, That’s the truth… but, I never treat her like a slave. She is a friend that needs rehabilitation…"

 "No, it doesn’t matter. To throw away her money-making mission and finally doing her duty, I feel indebted toward you Rudeus-dono, you’re my family's hero, I’m sorry for my family always causing you trouble, I hope I could do something to pay this debt from my family. Please do anything you want to me whether it be to boil or grill me."

 Oooooh.

 Gyes, during the time I was not seeing him, it looks like he understood how to speak like a true man.

 No, that face, rather that face is a face of someone who lamented about their bad daughter.

 "Dad, wait a minute isn’t that a little cruel? Achishi, however it was only a little trouble. Soon I will be transformed into a noble to comfort your worry no matter what…"

 "If I remember correctly, Rudeus-dono has been a man full of vitality since he was very young. Mating season will begin very soon, at that time please use Rinia to your liking."

 "Nyah! Dad, what do you think your daughter's chastity is?!"

 Rinia raised her fist, but Gyes looking at that with a sharp glare then flashed his eyes.

 He let out a howl along with a thundering voice.

 "Shut up. If you’re a Dorudia race, return the favor with your body."

 "U, uuu……wa, I understand nya……achishi, I’m a bad kid Nya………"

 Rinia surprised and in no time, she's instantly curling her body behind me to hide.

 It’s fine if you want to hide behind me, but don’t press your breasts so strongly against me.

 Because I'm not going to accompany you in the mating season.

 "Anyway, now that Holy Beast-sama has become like this, someone must act as his caretaker, don’t you agree? We already don’t have anything to pay Rinia's debt. So please take her back with you."

 "Understood."

 Caretaker, huh.

 I don’t think it’s really necessary for Leo, but it's the Dorudia tribe's duty.

 If they want to give their aid, then there is no reason to refuse it.

 Even I, just now, felt troubled at the idea of leaving Rinia in the village.

 Especially after all her effort getting the mercenary company on track.

 "However, with just Rinia alone, it will cause anxiety on our side."

 "I guess."

 "Boss, so you are really agreeing Nyhat and really wished for that nya…"

 Rinia said with a look full of compassion, somehow I understand now what Gyes feels.

 Though Rinia is not a particularly useless child, she has shown an inclination towards that side lately.

 "So take another one… well, please choose Minitona or Terusena to take back as an official caretaker for Holy Beast-sama."

 Saying that to me, Minitona and Terusena stood in front of me.

 Both of them are dressed like Beast race warriors.

 Wearing hide armor, and wielding huge meat cleavers…

 Well trained bodies, big chests…

 Their chests were big even when they were kids, but now they've developed further.

 The Beast race is a race with huge boobs.

 "I’m the one who will go Nyah!"

 "No, it will be me!"

 "That person will be me, my sword skill is good, my head is also good nyah."

 "That’s a lie, when we’re commuting to Wind Port school, my result is better."

 It look like they really want to become a caretaker of Holy Beast-sama.

 Although I think that after 15 years as a caretaker instead of becoming their family's head, that look in their eyes will most likely disappear.

 Or, I guess that becoming the caretaker of Holy Beast-sama is more of an honored position than becoming the family head.

 "Terusena only has better scores in magic, with exception of that I’m superior in all other aspects Nya."

 "There is no such thing, Tona is a liar."

 "The one who is a liar is Terusena Nya."

 So that’s it, these two's rivalry is just like Rinia and Pursena's years ago, so selfish.

 Ah…

 Come to think of it.

 "Where is Pursena, has she not come back yet?"

 The moment he heard that, Gyes's face looked distressed.

 Part 8

 Afterwards, we were guided to a building located at the edge of the village.

 For me, it's a memorable old building.

 I really missed this one building

 I mean, I also lived here for a period of time.

 It’s good and a very comfortable one.

 Halfway through I had to share my room with a middle-aged monkey faced newbie, but nevertheless it's a good and comfortable room.

 Especially it’s goo------------od ol' perfect security.

 In short, it is a prison.

 It looks like Rinia has had some bad experiences with this building, as she didn’t want to come in.

 "……"

 There Pursena, in a particularly sultry display, was lying down on the bed.

 It’s not like she's naked like I was, but a considerably high portion of her skin is exposed.

 Her sex appeal hadn’t disappeared yet, thin shirt and hot pants.

 Dressing like that, facing away from the iron bars, she thrust her hand inside her pants, and scratches the base of her tail while munching on something.

 Girl power is reduced.

 "Hey, Pursena, Wake up!"

 "n~~, I can’t eat anymore……"

 When her name is called by Gyes, she is [betabeta] muttering some sleep talking answer, while [patapata] shaking her tail.

 "It's time for your meal."

 "…… Na!"

 And, while her body is twitching and trembling, she raised her body.

 "Fa-- ……"

 When she is waking up, her breasts bulge up from her thin shirt.

 As big as ever.

 Boing boing.

 It is a poison of the eye.

 The kind of poison which detoxification magic can’t cure.

 "Ara~? I don't smell a meal?"

 While her nose made a sniffing sound, she is looking at her surroundings with sleepy eyes.

 And, she is looking in this direction.

 "Pursena, a visitor for you."

 Pursena, inside the cell, has a blank look on her face.

 However, when she saw my appearance, she immediately leaps at the iron bars.

 "Boss! It's not what it seems! I’m innocent! Please help me!"

 I was taken aback when I saw Pursena screaming as she grabbed the iron bars.

 Looking at her, Gyes let out a deep sigh.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
