Volume 19  9 — Dried Meat Murder Incident

Volume 19 Chapter 9: Dried Meat Murder Incident

 

 Part 1

 Previously: Dog in the prison

 This incident happened ten days ago.

 It took place in Dorudia Village during the rainy season.

 The cause is the Reinforced Lizard dried meat stored in the village warehouse, someone murdered it… that was what I wanted to say.

 It was eaten by someone.

 Because of the seriousness of this case, the Dorudia warrior tribe immediately began their investigation.

 And the investigation result is, one suspect found, a female warrior.

 Pursena Adorudia.

 She returned to Dorudia Village just a half year ago, she is the daughter of Adorudia tribe's chief.

 Being the top scorer among her graduates in the Magic University Ranoa, she brought back excellent results to her village.

 "I fulfilled my mission and came back as a candidate for village chief, Rinia is the lost cat-nano."

 And she talked about what happened in her years in Sharia. Immediately after that, she joined the warrior group of the Dorudia tribe.

 This places families head said, [She is in the first list of candidates both in Dedorudia and Adorudia]. Her name has soared high in the Dorudia Village.

 But, it’s not something that she could easily get used to.

 To become village chief, she must serve as warrior chief until the previous village chief retires, in addition she must show ability befitting of someone who can lead others and gain trust from her warrior subordinates.

 Pursena has enough ability and experience leading others so she is actually already a fine warrior chief.

 Usually before entering the warrior group one needs to go a journey to see the world, Pursena was already away from her village for more than ten years, but she still lacks experience with the warrior group.

 With that said, the current village chief Gyes provided her with a training period.

 She will work and study inside the village, as a warrior chief she must remember her group members's faces and odor, then someday become village chief… that is how the original plan was.

 It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that it’s an elite course.

 Pursena, by using her advanced healing magic to the fullest, she gained the warriors trust in an instant.

 It seems Gyes also determined that she passed his test,

 After this rainy season it would have been time to pick a son-in-law, assuming the warrior chief declared that she wanted it.

 Then that incident happened.

 The day that incident happened.

 Around midnight of that day.

 Pursena was on duty to guard the warehouse.

 In the warehouse, there was a large amount of preserved food stored for the rainy season.

 Every night it’s guarded by a team consisting of two people.

 And the one who was paired with her that night was Kanalna, a warrior from the Adorudia tribe.

 That day, Kanalna's body condition was a little bad.

 She was wounded the previous day when she was repelling the demonic beasts that attacked the village, and that injury had an after effect to her body even after it was already healed.

 She said herself that this wasn’t that important, but the testimony said, [When it was time for the shift change, her face was already blue colored.]

 Like that, Pursena was opposing her to attend to her duty and gave her an order as warrior chief, [Go back to your home and take a rest, I will take responsibility in your place.]

 Following her order, Kanalna decided that it was better for her to go back to her room and sleep.

 She intended to only sleep for a bit, but maybe because of her body's instinct to heal her injury, Kanalna slept soundly.

 Then, early morning of the next day.

 When it was time for the guards to switch, one person arrived at the warehouse.

 But when he came, no one was keeping watch in front of the warehouse.

 Not feeling confident, he tried to peek inside the warehouse----------.

 The food in that place was eaten by someone, with some trace of meat around her mouth, Pursena was sleeping in the warehouse with a full stomach.

 Caught redhanded, Pursena was immediately arrested.

 In Dorudia Village, stealing food during the rainy season is a felony.

 The warriors's evaluation of her took a 180 turn, she was forced to resign from her position as warrior chief.

 Naturally, she also won’t become village chief.

 This is why she was thrown into the jail.

 However, the main suspect Pursena said.

 "That day, I was unconscious because someone hit me from behind, and when I came to I was already inside the warehouse!"

 "Someone wants to frame me! That fucking rascal-nano! Boss, please-nano! Please catch the true culprit!"

 "Surely, there is someone that didn’t want me to become the village chief! Minitona and Terusena are the most suspicious ones!"

 "That alone is already strange. If I was the culprit, I wouldn’t do something like this to my target! It was very obvious that after sending Kanalna back to her room, you immediately ate small portions of the meats!"

 Pursena kept claiming that she was innocent.

 I also had some experience in it myself, my first impression of people from the Beast Race, is that they're easy to give a false charge.

 It is one of their forte.

 If she really isn’t the one who did that, then I will help her.

 With that in mind, I try to do a little investigation.

 Part 2

 Dorudia Village, the village where the Adorudia tribe and Dedorudia tribe live in harmony.

 To raise Holy Beast-sama, many village warriors attend to him to protect him, so that they won’t be short in power, many children are reared and the married people usually have many children.

 Now they’re a very large family numbering about 500 heads, and they live above the trees.

 With a stream of muddy water outside during rainy season, their houses look like islands.

 The chance that the culprit is an outsider is almost none.

 If it was, then it’s someone who can move like me and many more difficult ideas come to my brain.

 The main suspect Pursena said, that inside the village the line of men who want to mate with her is long.

 Then I immediately get my assistant Yasu and my helping inspector Gyes,

 I began to collect evidence from the testimonies of people that were involved in this incident.

 "This mean, Yasu it’s time to go!"

 "Who is Yasu nya?"

 "It’s you Rinia. Now I will call you Yasu, a certain assistant from a certain country."

 "Oh, so that’s it…"

 Inspector Gyes also didn’t say anything.

 Thinking that this is useless, but now is the time to move.

 Part 3

 "First testimony, the one who found her in the morning, warrior Gimel"

 "Are you the first person who found her?"

 "Yes."

 When I saw this youth, I got some sense of deja vu.

 Somehow, I got the feeling that I saw him somewhere before.

 So I asked.

 Gimel → Ask → Event from the Past

 "You, have we met somewhere before?"

 "Yes, ten years ago when I fell into the water you’re the one who helped me."

 Ah, I see.

 Ten years ago, come to think of it.

 During the rainy season, I together with Ruijerd helped a kid.

 At that time, the boy waved his tail.

 So nostalgic.

 Well, let’s put that aside in the meantime.

 Now back to our incident.

 "At the site of the crime ten days ago, what did Pursena look like when she was found?"

 "Let's see, the box of dried meat was opened, Pursena was sleeping while she was leaning on them facing the door and she said, [I can’t eat anymore] happily with her bulging stomach."

 The scene at that time, somehow I could perfectly imagine it just like he said.

 "…In other words, there were practically no eyewitnesses that saw whether Pursena had really eaten the dried meat or not, right?"

 "Yes. But there was some meat left in between Pursena's teeth. And from the half eaten meat that was scattered around that place, Pursena's saliva smell could detected."

 Dorudia's unique way for carrying out their investigation.

 This incident, just by the smell alone it could be easily resolved.

 They really have absolute confidence in their own noses.

 With that as their weapon it’s become, [The saliva smell has been detected], and that’s already become more than enough evidence.

 But that kind of investigation process is full of holes.

 "Though Pursena's belly looked like she was full… but there is a chance that inside her belly there was only air that was trapped and blocked. Isn’t there?"

 "No, from her burp I could smell the dried lizard meat from it. I have no doubt about it, she was the one who ate it herself."

 There was no hole.

 From the smell that came from inside of her stomach, it’s almost certain that Pursena is the one who ate the meat.

 We can bisect her with a large pair of scissors and look directly inside of her stomach, but I don’t want to use this kind of method as much as possible.

 "Is there really nothing else inside? For example… something like footprints of someone else other than Pursena?"

 "Whether it’s footprints, smell, or hairs, nothing else was there."

 I see.

 At least, the true culprit is doing his job perfectly.

 Part 4

 "Testimony of Pursena's partner that night, Kanalna"

 "Kanalna-san, on your day of duty, how was Pursena's appearance?"

 "Yes, she was repeatedly saying, [I didn’t eat anything since morning, so hungry-nano]."

 It looks like Pursena was very hungry that day.

 But, this fact is very odd.

 The Pursena that I know, she was always eating meat whether it was meal time or not.

 Dried meat, smoked meat, and occasionally raw meat.

 To think that kind of girl, DIDN’T EAT ANYTHING…

 What is the true culprit's aim?

 "I wonder, why didn’t she eat anything?"

 "When the warriors were fighting against the demon invasion the day before, quite a number of warriors were injured."

 The report says that too, that the day before the incident a large number of demons appeared.

 There were no civilians wounded by that large-scale attack, but I heard many of the warrior group were injured.

 "Ho~~"

 "Because Pursena is the only advanced healing magician in this village, she was running around to several places, going back and forth to treat the injured warriors. And in the end her magical power was running out…"

 Pursena's magical power was running out.

 I have also experienced it, running out of magical power then losing consciousness, and not being able to even wake up for half a day.

 In Pursena's case, she didn’t faint… she must keep her consciousness for her duty time.

 Just like that she, without drinking or eating, carried on doing her duty as she was.

 "Did she eat something, she has a choice to do that right?"

 "That’s the rule."

 Basically in Dorudia Village during rainy season, eating snacks outside of meal time is prohibited.

 The stored food absolutely must be enough for three months, so there is a very strict management on it.

 "Pursena can take a rest when she is on duty, there is an option like that right?"

 "Because the number of demons that attacked the previous day was the most we had, quite a few warriors were already on bed rest. We didn’t have enough hands. I also advised her to take a break from duty and rest, but she said [I only feel a little hungry]."

 I see.

 To become village chief, she was filled with a sense of duty, that’s admirable.

 If it was the me from the old days; I would have made this and that reason to take a rest.

 "And, that led to this incident."

 "Yes, even now, at least it would have been fine if she was eating something while on duty."

 After hearing that, taking that situation into consideration, I feel that I got some leads to this case.

 No, Pursena insisting that she wasn't the one who ate the dried meat.

 Part 5

 "Yasu's Opinion"

 "Rinia… I mean Yasu, after hearing those stories just now, what do you think?"

 For the time being, I will listen to my assistant's opinion.

 She is Pursena's friend.

 "That girl, I think she is the culprit nya."

 "Hmm"

 "Since a long time ago whenever she felt hungry Pursena has a habit of snatching food from her surroundings. When we were still enrolled in school, she often snatched my fish and dried meat nya."

 Yeah… there is a criminal record.

 Part 6

 Thus, after listening to the full story.

 I found that someone's testimony was really strange.

 Luckily there is only one person who is lying and I know who it is.

 And that would be…

 → Pursena.

 Yes, it’s Pursena.

 That girl, she just didn’t confess her actions until the very end. Still saying that someone hit her from behind.

 Let’s return to Pursena's room once again, and hear her story.

 Moving → Village outskirt → Pursena Prison → Listen to her story → The incident

 "Pursena, if you truly didn’t do it, look in my eyes and say it."

 "It’s true-nano, Boss, please believe me…"

 Pursena put her hands together, and her eyes are sparkling.

 However, her tail is moving in a dubious way.

 Let’s trick her a little.

 "Before I leave, it’s possible for me to become your advocate in this village."

 "Waa, as expected of Boss!"

 "But, if it's found out after I leave this village that you have lied to me, then I won’t let you eat meat for a year as punishment."

 "O, O, O, Of course that’s true-nano."

 "But, swear to GOD?"

 "S, Swear to…!"

 Pursena's eyes are swimming from left to right.

 This guy is suspicious.

 This is, it’s the eyes of a liar.

 "Listen, I absolutely won’t forgive anyone who insults my God. Do you really swear by the name of my God?"

 I move my hands across the iron bar and grip Pursena's head firmly, let’s listen to her answer while looking at her eyes.

 Pursena should already know, the thing about me being a devout man.

 Her face's color suddenly becomes ghastly pale, her body is trembling.

 While trying to hide her crotch with her tail, she is trying to grasp forward with both her hands.

 "Now what are your words?"

 "I, I was the culprit…"

 Case closed.

 Part 7

 The incident was resolved.

 The culprit is of course, Pursena Adorudia.

 She didn’t admit her crime, not until an outsider made her confess her crime, and her punishment will be left to that person.

 This rascal.

 But, she is tempted by the evil meat, maybe she is also one of the victims.

 "Gyes-san, sorry for troubling you."

 "It’s nothing… but, is it really okay with Pursena?"

 Gyes having seen this series of events and listening to my conclusion is amazed.

 "So what do you want to talk about?"

 "The talk about the one person that will go as the caretaker of Holy Beast-sama from our village."

 The look on his face seemed to say, please, by all means.

 "Ah, no, that would be more than is necessary."

 Of course, I do not need one.

 More than this, the number of big breasted women around me will be increased, that will only raise the suspicion of me cheating.

 Generally, I want someone such as Roxy and Sylphy, but I don’t need the stupid ones.

 After all, the simple Pursena is an angel factor to increase the number of excuses.

 Eris will be happy.

 "Is that so, however, who you will bring between Minitona and Terusena?"

 "No, aren't those two already village chief candidates? Better to take a somewhat different person."

 While talking with Gyes, we're walking out of the jail.

 "A-, wait nano! Boss, don’t leave me behind-nano! My time to rise-nano---! I wanted it----! I don’t want to live without meat-nano!"

 We ignored the wailing voice that came from behind us.

 "Nyahahaha!"

 And, Rinia that was waiting for us outside, the first time she goes inside she is laughing very hard.

 Previously, she was also imprisoned in a nude state before.

 Apparently she also experienced this a long time ago, trapped in the nude here,

 Remembering those humiliating times, she refused to come in with an unpleasant face.

 "Yoo Pursena, you look so terrible nyaaa!"

 "Ri, Rinia!? I smelled your odor sometime ago! Why are you here!?"

 Before I was aware of it, Rinia put her sunglasses on.

 The one that she usually uses at work.

 To hide her dollar shaped eyes.

 "Why? Fufu… I nyonder why?"

 While saying so, Rinia pushed my hand, and pressed it against her chest.

 Nonono I can’t.

 Aaa, noo, the smell of sexual excitement…

 "No, no way, Rinia… and Bo, Boss…?"

 Pursena leaned her nose toward our position and sniffed, suddenly her face shivered.

 One end of Rinia's lips is grinning.

 That’s a devilish smile.

 "Well nyaa…… ah, when I recall that passionate night nyah. I was sleeping in the bedroom, Boss carrying me like a new bride… Aaah, I can’t say more than this nyaaa! However, that day, I was crying a lot in front of Boss nyah."

 Carried indeed, then thrown outside of the room. She was tossed away.

 After that, she was weeping inside of Eris's room.

 She didn’t lie at all until the last moment.

 "No, no way, Boss… we’re inferior to Roxy and Sylphy, that’s why you never turn your eyes to us!"

 “Nya-ha!, Isn’t that because Pursena isn’t charming enough? At that time I’m alone nyaa. Weeell, the Asura noble from the Greyrat house lineage is really intense nyaaa. Just the first night, my ribs nyended up broken nya."

 "Ri, Ribs……! Wha, What a violent copulation-nano!"

 Ah, so it was her first night with Eris.

 While she was sleeping, she was strangled[hugging pillow] to death by Eris.

 I, Leo, and Rinia were all done in by Eris's power.

 The next morning, it looks like with a half crying face, Rinia begged Sylphy to apply healing magic on her.

 U~n, regarding that she isn’t crying yet.

 "Ri, Rinia, be, became Boss's wife?"

 "No, nyot his bride…but, something similar to his slave nya."

 "Slave!?"

 Covering her mouth with both of her hands, Pursena's face is turned red.

 U~n, slave…it’s not that wrong either.

 "Well, my position is considerably good nyaa. Though a slave, I’m entrusted with some works, now I have 50 subordinates under me nya. Similar to Pursena, but I’m not thrown into prison, and received Boss's affection. Ah, but I wonder if Dorudia Village's chief position is as good as that nya? So Pursena, don’t regret nyis experience… Nyahahahahaha!"

 Loud laughter is echoing inside the prison.

 "Rinia-----------!"

 [Gashagasha] sound could be heard, Pursena with a bright red face shaking the iron bars.

 But, after a little while her hands gradually lost power.

 Being powerless Pursena could only kneel on the floor.

 "Gusu… this is too much-nano, that day was really busy, I didn’t eat anything from morning… I want to eat too, at most, I only ate the same amount of one meal, in that case it could be replaced with the demon that I defeated, It should be more than enough to compensate-nano…"

 Inside the cell, she continued her weeping and lamenting.

 And, Rinia immediately left from my side.

 "Haa~, I’m satisfied now nyaaa…"

 She said that with quite a satisfied face.

 Such an awful fellow…

 But, I think Pursena's actions are also justified.

 According to the story that I heard, the demon attack happened from early morning until over midnight.

 And caused huge damage, and that happened right on her watch duty day.

 For the healing magician Pursena, that took a big toll on her.

 After repelling the demons, Pursena desperately used her healing magic repeatedly.

 Thanks to that, there should be many warriors whose lives were saved by her.

 However, in the end Pursena's magical power depleted and she experienced exhaustion.

 After she woke up, she should have eaten her meal, but soon it was her night duty time.

 Although, there is the theft accident.

 While it’s true that she didn’t eat anything from morning until her night duty, that’s not a reason for her to be sneaking bites.

 The me from the previous world, when the crime of police officers from Elite corps come to light.

 That said there is still room for leniency, but a crime is a crime.

 She broke a village rule.

 Even if she is warrior chief and soon to be village chief, it’s still unavoidable.

 "E~r, Boss, father!"

 Then Rinia turned her body facing me and Gyes with a serious expression.

 "I have a request nya."

 She bowed.

 It's a 45-degree bow.

 "…Pursena, I want her to become Holy Beast-sama's caretaker nya."

 Then Rinia lifted her face up, and sent a strong glance to me and Gyes.

 I look into her eyes, those are the eyes of someone that was straightened out once.

 "I, in a far away land in the distant country, used to keep trying hard to become village chief nya.

 Putting great effort more than anyone alone nya.

 Trying nyo hard, but in the end failed nya.

 I, in the end, lost to Pursena's technique and was forced to surrender my right,

 But, I agree that Pursena is the most fit one to become village chief nya.

 But, with only one mistake that led to her ruin, that’s too much nya."

 Then, Rinia paused a bit to take a breath, she looked at Gyes's eyes.

 "I want to give her a chance nya.

 Five years from now, no… 10 years from now.

 If Pursena does a good job as Holy Beast-sama's caretaker.

 Completed her duty properly, then bring Boss's daughter back to undergo her ceremony,

 I wish her crime this time is forgiven nya.

 I nyow I can’t say this to village chief, I only wanted to give her a punishment suitable for her position nya."

 After experiencing school life, she isn’t talking through muscle again.

 Rinia herself, abandoned her duty, and became a merchant.

 For that reason she originally didn’t have a right to make a request.

 To begin with, this crime, is the result of Pursena's lack of self-control.

 If it’s according to the story that I heard, certainly there is room for negotiation of her crime.

 Something like, Hurray you did it, Hurray you did it.

 Or, congratulations for preserving this far, the result is exceedingly good.

 But that event didn’t happen.

 "That's enough."

 Gyes also said so.

 Even if the past bygone, but what already happened can’t be ignored.

 That’s only natural.

 But,

 But,

 As for my own feelings…

 Because of her great effort, I want her to be rewarded for that.

 Pursena, kept persisting.

 Every day, while chewing meat, she took her lessons seriously.

 Since I took the same healing magic class with her, I know that she tried her best.

 There is no doubt about it, she put more effort in than others.

 Therefore, even though the Beast race don’t have very good heads, she was able to take the first seat in school rank.

 With that kind of great effort, she must be rewarded.

 That is my wish.

 The same case with me if I work hard, I also want to be rewarded.

 I not only think that.

 "Gyes-san, can I also make a request?"

 "Huh? Boss?"

 But, if it was me, I want someone to give a reward in this current situation.

 As much as possible, I want to be rewarded.

 "…"

 Gyes has had a bitter face for a while now.

 But, he immediately raised his face.

 "I see. That’s a good idea."

 If he was Gyes 10 years ago, he definitely wouldn't have backed down with Pursena's judgment.

 It’s not like I think that his judgment is right.

 That’s only my ego.

 "Rinia, Pursena. Fulfill your duty perfectly. Understand?"

 "Yes Nya!"

 "Y, yes-nano!"

 Those two girls instantly bowed their heads.

 Watching that, I suddenly realized something.

 As I thought, these two act better when they’re together.

 Part 8

 We’re returning via Holy Sword Highway by raft. After we arrived at the stone monument mark I blew the whistle to summon Arumanfi, then by using the sky fortress, we returned to Sharia.

 "I really missed this place-nano… once I’m the summit of this city, I didn’t think that I would back to this city again…"

 Upon arriving at the Magic city Sharia, Pursena muttered to herself with a deep strong emotional voice.

 So, she returned to this place.

 It can be said that to her, the magic city Sharia is her second home.

 "Ah, Pursena I forgot to say something nya."

 "What-nano? Just a while ago I’m feeling a strong emotion-nano, so make it brief."

 "I need a little help therefore, will you become my servant for a while?"

 "Eh?"

 As Rinia's servant.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
