Volume 19  10 — Next Battle

Volume 19 Chapter 10: Next Battle

 

 Part 1

 Chirping sound of the birds, just like the cry of a sparrow, hearing that I open my eyes.

 "N… is it already morning?"

 I stretched my body as strong as I could which caused a crisp sound around my back, then after yawning I get up.

 "Afa…"

 Looking next to me, it is a girl with her blue colored hair sparkling under the light of the morning sun.

 It’s Roxy.

 Or should I say God.

 And a bit further next to her, lied a blue haired baby.

 Child of a Goddess and a man, Perseus.

 Rather, it's my daughter Lara.

 Next to her.

 Under the bed, rounded like a silver ball.

 Is Leo the Holy Beast.

 Now that he's formally stationed here, he has become more willful.

 Perhaps with how Rinia and Persuna grovel before him also had an affect.

 Originally, I thought he was just rather attached to Lara.

 But Lara is the savior.

 It was so shocking, though I was starting to suspect it.

 Maybe my children are special?

 There is some part in me that's proud, but let’s not show that too much.

 Since acting like that is the same as attaching superior or inferior label to the children.

 "N~… Ah, good morning, Rudi……"

 Roxy woke up.

 While rubbing her sleepy eyes, she raised her body.

 Her chest that got bigger because of her pregnancy is showing itself under the sunshine.

 Regrettably, if it’s looked at with evil eyes, the eyes will get smashed.

 But oh, my eyes are attracted to the evil at that place.

 Oh, God. Please help this poor soul.

 "Ara? Why is Lara…? Rudi are you the one who brought her?"

 Roxy, with half asleep eyes looking at me and her daughter beside her.

 Tilting her head, she is gently brushing Lara's silky hair.

 "Don't remember, that yesterday, you brought her yourself?"

 "…Ara!"

 Yesterday, after our blazing night, we fell asleep until suddenly Lara who usually doesn’t cry at night, began crying.

 Roxy left the bedroom with a half asleep face, with an unstable way of walking, brought Lara to the bedroom, changed her diaper, and fed her with milk, after she lulled Lara to sleep, she began to sleep.

 As for Leo, he followed Lara to the bedroom of course…

 Well, it’s fine even if she didn’t remember it.

 "…Fa~~"

 Remained with her still sleepy face, Roxy yawned once.

 "I will do my usual morning training."

 "Is that so. Then I will sleep a little longer with Lara since today is a holiday."

 While saying that, Puff, Roxy fell to the bed again.

 "Yes, good night."

 "Good night."

 Instantly, I could hear Roxy's sleeping sound, then I left the bedroom.

 After changing my clothes, I go out into the hallway.

 Suddenly I got a sudden thought, I opened Sylphy's bedroom door.

 Sylphy is still sleeping.

 Together with Lucy, it looks like they’re enjoying sleeping together.

 For the time being, Lucy was given her own room, though sometimes Sylphy also accompanies her.

 Once in a while, I think it’s good for parents and their child to sleep together in the same bedroom, forming the kanji for river.

 But, nothing can be done to my strong sexual desire, since we’re sleeping together we must do something about that…

 We must act with discretion in front of the children, we can’t be too open when showing our passionate nights.

 Anyway, I'm satisfied being blessed with this wonderful scene, then I close the door again.

 Next, I peeked in Eris's room.

 Looking at Eris in the early morning.

 I wonder what is going to happen?

 "Ugh… Ugh…"

 When I think that, I saw a poor soul on the bed.

 Pressing her face with both hands, she is trembling a little.

 Though she has huge breasts, her hair isn’t red.

 She has dog ears and a tail.

 Her eyes usually always look sleepy, but somehow it’s a little watery today.

 "Oh, Boss… Good morning-nano……"

 It’s Pursena.

 After that event at Dorudia Village, she followed us coming back to the magic city Sharia.

 When Pursena came, there was only one person who was very delighted.

 It was Eris.

 She was looking at Pursena with her tongue out and said, [This child is quite cute].

 Looking at her, Rinia trembled with fear, while Pursena was the opposite.

 "As expected of me-nano, even boss's wife is pleased meeting with me for the first time."

 She pushed out her huge chest and looked at Rinia's face.

 The moment Rinia saw Pursena's attitude, [Flash], her eyes flashed and she started flattering her.

 "Iya~~, that’s amazing nyaa, to think that you could please and be patted by the [Mad Sword King] over there, as expected of Pursena nya. I always want her to do that to me nya."

 "Ufu~, that's impossible for Rinia -nano."

 Pursena got carried away.

 She approached Eris while her tail was waving, her ears brushed gently, and her tail got praised. That’s a little excessive to be called skinship, but I guess because she is from the Dog race therefore, she muttered while giving a sidelong glance to her frilly tail, [I’m a sinful woman-nano. Even Boss's wife is completely captivated by my charm.]

 Looking at her, I could only give her a bitter smile.

 Usually I would get annoyed, but I can’t help but to put a bitter smile toward the scene that happened before me.

 Looking at Pursena's attitude, Eris eagerly stepped on further.

 "Since I guess sleeping alone will be lonely, we will sleep together once in a while!"

 And, here came the proposal.

 As for Pursena's consent toward this proposal, [This was only a matter of time before the junior surpasses the senior-nano] she agreed.

 Realizing that, Rinia gave a [Nyishishishi] laugh at Pursena who would be spending her nights with Eris periodically.

 And, after getting one or two broken bones from Eris's Maximum Powered Hug, that really is a sad sight.

 "U~h…… My breasts hurt……"

 To Pursena who looked like she was in great pain, I applied healing magic on her.

 Her breasts are still as big as usual, but there was no problem, after I spent a night with Roxy today I’m a sage.

 "……I’m saved."

 While receiving thanks from Pursena, I went off to the first floor.

 I went into the entranceway without changing my clothes, then grabbed the wooden sword that was strapped beside the front door.

 Then it appeared, before the front door, Eris is standing like a Niou statue.

 Folding her arms, and opening her legs at shoulder width.

 Her big stomach has become more stretched out.

 As if she were a gate guardian, she stood before the front gate.

 "Eris, good morning."

 "Rudeus, good morning."

 Today Eris is also in high spirits.

 I realized that after looking at her face.

 I guess, it was because she was comfortable with hugging Pursena all night long.

 Rinia and Pursena.

 Currently, those two are renting a residence which is close to the Rudo Mercenary office.

 Similiar to Cliff's large apartment, also, since those two are best friends, they agreed to share their room together.

 Once it was dusk, those two will come alternatively to see Leo, and accompany him to take a stroll.

 But they only do their official duty since, being stationed permanently at my house, it won’t be amusing if that caused discord with my family members, so it's good.

 As for Eris, those two are alternately invited to her room, as her hugging pillow.

 Rinia is somehow always trying to escape from that, but she can’t escape from Eris.

 At least, one of them is free of debt.

 When I see the faces of one of those two, as they disappear into Eris's room, I somehow feel a little jealous.

 I also want to get invited into her room once in a while.

 I'm also a member of Eris's harem, so it’s very reasonable, that I want her compassion [love].

 Well, I guess I could embrace her again, after she has given birth.

 Ara~?

 Isn’t something reversed?

 It’s strange, normally I’m the center of this house or so I thought…

 Well that’s fine anyway.

 "By the way, what is his name?"

 "I’m still thinking of his name. As I thought, it must be heroic."

 Thinking about that this early in the morning, and when I’m about to go out.

 I think that she is like a watch dog.

 "A heroic name huh, I guess it was a good name if it was a boy."

 "Such as Ars, or Aldebaran, or Karuman……"

 "U~m wait a minute, let’s do something about those names that are too heroic."

 Everyone, did they really want the name of the past hero?

 Well, I’m fine with any name.

 However, it must not be a very old name, so he won’t become a target of bullying I guess.

 "Rudeus, any ideas?"

 "I think for a girl name. Such as Alice, or Fran…… that’s a pretty name and it’s quite good I wonder."

 "It’s a boy, why did you think of a girl name?"

 Eris is seriously pondering about it.

 "If the one that's born is a girl, she will become a poor girl with a boy's name."

 "…… It’s absolutely a boy."

 Eris goes into her Tsun-mode and turned her face to the side.

 Well then, at least there won’t be a problem thinking about a girl or a boy name.

 Such as Maki, or Kaoru… Nope, those aren't names on this side.

 Well, we can still think about this matter until the first month of the year.

 "Then, I’m going inside first."

 "Have a nice time."

 Recently, Eris doesn’t do her usual swinging practice.

 Now, her pregnancy is entering its sixth month.

 It looks like she is aware of that as a pregnant woman, or merely acting based on her instinct.

 She doesn’t have a strong motherly feeling, but no matter what she will still give birth to her child.

 While thinking about this and that, I started my morning training.

 Part 2

 By the way at breakfast time, all the family members gather together.

 Aisha and Lilia are the waitresses.

 Zenith sits on a chair and immerses herself in thought.

 Sitting next to her, is Norn since I'm rarely at home we often miss each other.

 Next to Norn, is Lucy sitting in her chair quietly, while her legs are flapping around.

 And next to her is Sylphy, telling Lucy to not do that.

 On the other side of the table, is Roxy with her eyes that are still sleepy, giving breast milk to Lara.

 Just like her mother, Lara also drinks it with a sleepy face.

 Always following that scene, sitting with a dignified face, and having Pursena's head on her lap while she is gently patting her head is Eris.

 Still completely exhausted, Pursena just lets Eris do anything to her, but when the food comes her tail is standing and swaying happily.

 I sat next to Eris.

 I’m at the end of the table. The so called seat of honor.

 Though there is no such concept here.

 However, the table is really big, and yet it still feels cramped here.

 Soon there won’t be enough room in this house.

 I guess Lara will also grow up soon.

 No, by the time that happens, I wonder if there is a possibility that Norn will be out of the house?

 After graduating from the school, what will she do?

 As for Aisha, I guess she will stay here even after she reaches adulthood.

 "Norn."

 "Yes, what is it Onii-san?"

 "You, after graduating from school, what are you going to do after that?"

 When I asked that, she had a perplexed look on her face, then she looked back at me.

 "… Not yet, I still haven’t thought about it, but?"

 "I see."

 Well, she is still in her fifth year, and she is the student council president.

 She has yet to reach adulthood.

 She didn’t think that far yet.

 "U~m, Nii-san."

 "What?"

 "If, this is for example."

 "Uhuh."

 "Let’s just say, if I want to do something like an adventurer, will you oppose it?"

 Adventurer huh.

 Norn as an adventurer.

 Her sword technique is doing fairly well, and in these five years her magic is also progressing very well.

 I guess it was enough for her to become a good adventurer.

 I wonder if she is longing to become an adventurer after hearing Paul's stories about his time as one.

 Well, there is still some concern about it.

 The thing about Norn is, won’t she step on somewhere clumsily, and die easily.

 And, around this lovely adventurer, it seems that men will easily gather…

 Recently, because I often see adventurers in a pinch, nothing but bad images are floating in my mind.

 "I won’t oppose it, but I can’t help but feel worried… Do you really want to become an adventurer?"

 "No, it’s not like I want to become an adventurer. It was just a sudden thought."

 Norn shook her head.

 Adventurer, whether or not she really wants to become one.

 After graduating from the Magic University if by then, she has a stable income from becoming an adventurer then it’s good, or having more stable work but…

 No, since it was about money, perhaps her goal is something other than that.

 If it's like that, then I will respect her.

 "Gochisousama. I’m going to school."

 "Yes, have a safe trip."

 After Norn finished her meal, she immediately grabbed her school bag, and stood quickly from her chair.

 Roxy is enjoying the holiday, but it looks like Norn still has some student council work. 

 It sure is hard.

 After saying goodbye to her family, Norn goes to school.

 "It’s not like I oppose it, but if Norn-nee becomes an adventurer I worry something will happen to her."

 After Norn is gone, Aisha says that quietly.

 "I'm also thinking to let Norn do what she loves. I think that is her own right."

 "I’m opposing it. Norn-sama is, Paul-sama's and Zenith-sama's most important daughter. She will be married to an appropriate person befitting her status, that way I think we will send her to a safe and more secure life."

 "I'm also in favor. Norn's sword technique still has a way to go, but becoming an adventurer is fun indeed."

 After Norn is no longer here, her family here began to talk what fits her the most.

 Of course, it doesn’t mean that everything is decided by this family's council.

 "Well, how about making her familiar with adventurers first. That’s what I think, if her family opposes her she might silently leave on her own."

 Finally, with Roxy's awfully heavy words, the breakfast of the day is completed.

 Part 3

 We left the house. Pursena and Aisha go towards the Mercenary office's direction.

 As for Pursena, her position is the Vice-Director.

 The reason is to help Rinia, something like the so called secretary (Private), but her position is the Vice-Director.

 Inside the director room, wearing a black suit and sunglasses.

 No cigarettes of course, but they do look the part.

 Maybe i should buy the managements some hats.

 "Then, let’s do our best."

 "IISSEE, Boss!"

 "Let’s earn a lot today!"

 "Don’t do anything excessive."

 As she said that, with her nail, she pulled the list of employees out of a tube… Everything is coming together, with this list of members…

 There are 50 names on the list.

 Among them, the one who is particularly good with paperwork is marked.

 I will show this list to Orsted, then pick someone with the lowest possibility to become Hitogami's apostle from that list.

 After he is interviewed behind the scenes, he will be earnestly placed in the main office helping with something like office management and sorting the documents.

 "Well, you should just leave this sort of work to me."

 Somehow, I didn’t want to discuss that sort of thing with Aisha.

 Certainly, if I discuss it with Aisha the efficiency will greatly rise.

 However, if she, by chance of 10000 : 1, saw Orsted.

 Possibly, for some reason or other the curse is invoked on her.

 It’s possible that Aisha will show hostility towards Orsted.

 I feel that if Aisha really opposed me working under Orsted, my movements will be greatly hindered.

 She is living her every day life leisurely, but if she starts to move, she can produce great results rapidly.

 I’m afraid that by the time I noticed that Aisha is moving behind the scenes, Orsted would already be at the bottom of the ocean.

 There might also be a certain reason.

 Though I’m probably thinking too much about it.

 "Aisha, please take care of the Mercenary company."

 And, for now let’s just say that.

 Part 4

 After leaving the Mercenary office, I head to Orsted.

 I report my past month's activities to him.

 Rinia and Pursena acting as the chief of the Mercenary Company, and leaving Aisha to assist them.

 He wasn't particularly opposed to the idea.

 "This never happened before. Give it a try."

 Rather, he seems amused by my actions.

 As for permission to get a clerk for this office, from the list he said, [I think either one of these two is fine] just like that he selected a clerk.

 By some chance, maybe he already expected this.

 "Even so those girls, Pursena and Rinia, how about their positions? Their condition didn't affect history right?"

 "Whoever become village chief among them won't have a strong influence on the course of history."

 The typical result of which one of them that becomes the village chief.

 This time, Pursena by a hair breadth maintained her position as village chief candidate.

 Though Rinia was defeated, it is still possible for her to become a village chief if she try earnestly.

 I could also make a little push if need be.

 "Because of your influence in this time line, the people that got involved with you usually have their destiny greatly changed. Therefore I can’t say for sure."

 That was painful to my ears.

 But, I just want to live in peace.

 For that, I must endure this lecture.

 "Even so, to think that my daughter is the savior, Orsted-sama did you know about this?"

 "No, the partner of the Holy Beast was always another man."

 Well, because Lara is never born in the previous loops, it could be either.

 "But, from your story, I know that Hitogami was trying very hard so your fate and Roxy wouldn’t be tied together. Therefore I guess that your fates are very strong."

 With my daughter's birth, she pushed away the original hero from his seat, and took it for herself.

 "By the way, about the original savior, what kind of person was he?"

 "He was the man who will defeat Demon God Laplace when he is revived."

 "I see… Is I alright for him to not become the savior?"

 “It's fine. Laplace is not someone I can't handle if needed. Although I has received aid from the holy beast and companion… They’re not a necessary piece."

 In the past, when he fought with Laplace in his loop many times, they became powerful allies.

 But, now I wonder if winning against Laplace isn’t necessary anymore?

 "Lara too, is she destined to be burdened with the battle against Laplace?"

 "Well. As far as Hitogami is concerned, he wants Laplace to disappear. With your daughter born, things won't go as he wants… Your daughter, rather than an obstacle for Laplace, is probably a major obstacle to Hitogami."

 So Lara is an important factor for defeating Hitogami in the future.

 However that's no more than a prediction.

 Because in this loop, there are many factors that even Orsted doesn't know about.

 "As I thought, from now on Lara will be targeted by Hitogami…"

 For now, that’s my only worry.

 My cute daughter is being targeted, that’s pretty worrying.

 But, Orsted shook his head.

 "That’s what the Holy Beast is for. With the strong fate of the Holy Beast, Hitogami can’t easily put his hands on Lara."

 "……Ha~~h."

 "Besides, if anything does happen, I have no intention of watching your family die. That's why you shouldn't worry."

 Well.

 If Orsted is going as far as saying that, I can be relieved for the time being.

 I, I’m up to the task.

 And just like before, it’s preparation for [The Next Battle].

 Part 5

 After leaving the main office, I went to school.

 There is still some anxiety remaining about Lara.

 But, only feeling anxiety, won’t solve anything.

 Let's switch the mood.

 "Fu~u…"

 All right, I switched.

 Completely switched. Everything's all right.

 Now, I guess I will see if Zanoba and Cliff's research has made any new progress.

 The scaled-down Magic Armor for instance, the mana consumption is getting better but…

 As for now, only I can use it…

 No, if the mana consumption gets better that will result in anyone being able to use it, it will be troublesome if it was stolen by someone from Hitogami's side.

 Well, either way it could happen.

 Cliff's door was locked.

 I was expecting that, he and Elinalise were probably engaging in the production of their second child in the morning.

 Those two, for some reason they often do that the first thing in the morning.

 One round in the morning, then recharging before the night comes, doing it again at night, and recharging again when they sleep.

 I guess they have that kind of life cycle.

 Cliff's kidneys won’t hold for long.

 Well then, I guess I'll stop by Zanoba's place first as usual.

 By the way, as for Zanoba, let’s start first with the result of the scaled-down Magic Armor research.

 Then we can discuss the Rudo Mercenary Company and the plan for using it to recruit a merchant.

 Once this is done, we can have lunch, then head to Cliff's place.

 Then we can inspect the prototypes and bring them over to Orsted's place.

 Lets go with that flow.

 And after making that simple plan, I entered the research building.

 "Are you an idiot!"

 All of sudden a jeer can be heard.

 I won’t deny that I am an idiot, but hearing it so suddenly is painful.

 Who is the fool who called me an idiot just now?

 "I know that, do you even understand?"

 Hearing that, I naturally search for the source.

 I’m looking for the owner of that voice, and instantly found him. He is at the bottom of the staircase.

 There are five people.

 All of them are my acquaintances.

 "If you’re going back, you will only get yourself killed!"

 The one that shouted earlier is Cliff.

 While he grabbed Zanoba's chest, Cliff was shouting with his maximum voice with a terrifying attitude.

 Behind him, is Elinalise carrying her baby showing a somewhat difficult face.

 Zanoba didn’t move at all, he was only looking down at Cliff with cold eyes.

 Behind him is the frail Julie trying to restrain him, as for Cliff, he is relying on his piercing eyes.

 Julie is at his feet, looking at Zanoba, she is about to cry at any moment.

 Quarreling… Them… This is strange.

 Something has happened.

 "Zanoba, Cliff!"

 My voice climbed through the stairs, hearing that they turn their heads toward me.

 Cliff is making a face like he needs my assistance.

 Zanoba's face is expressionless.

 For the first time, Zanoba is showing an expression similar to a person who was looking at an insect.

 No, I got the feeling that I’ve seen that expression once before.

 That was where I wonder…

 "Shisou, you have come at the right time. Come to think of it, now is almost the time for your visit."

 "Rudeus, it’s good that you have come to this place, please help me persuade Zanoba!"

 Those two spoke at the same time.

 Zanoba, with a sullen face, gave Cliff a strong push back.

 Zanoba didn't look like he meant to put much power into it, but being a Miko with superhuman strength, Cliff tripped and fell on his butt.

 Seeing that, for a moment Zanoba's expression changed, but he approached me without apologizing.

 Since he is taller than me by one head, I’m looking up at him.

 "…What is the problem?"

 "A request about Julie. Please buy her, though she is originally Shisho's slave."

 Zanoba said that so easily to me.

 But before that, I want an explanation.

 "Leaving Julie behind, where are you going?"

 "To my home country. A royal command for me to return has come."

 Royal command.

 You mean, directly from the King.

 But, if that was the case, why is Cliff against it so much?

 Can’t it wait for another six months for the graduation ceremony?

 "My brother Pax, he succeeded his coup. He executed my father and brothers and took the throne."

 "……Ha?"

 Pax, that seventh prince who caught Lilia?

 That guy succeeded in his coup… Taking the throne?

 Does that mean he became a king?

 “Exhausted from the civil war, other countries might invade us. Therefore I received a royal command to return to my country, and assist in defending it. So, I will be going for a little while."

 Zanoba said that in a tone like he was going to the convenience store.

 But, from his words somehow I realized.

 The next fight, it came earlier than I predicted.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
