Volume 20  3 — To Shirone Again

Volume 20 Chapter 3 - To Shirone Again

 

 Part 1

 Eve of our departure.

 He came.

 After making love to Sylphy, I headed downstairs before going to sleep.

 Abruptly, Leo starts barking.

 Moment later, Eris rushes out her room, full of bloodlust.

 What's going on?

 "Enemy attack!"

 "What?"

 Who would attack here?

 I went to my room to grab my staff, and take a glance out the window with a lantern.

 In the darkness, the outlines of a man I recognize standing in front of the gate.

 "Eris, that isn't an enemy."

 "Oh… fine."

 Eris looks out the window as well, before answering, still fired up.

 I put aside my staff and walk out the hallway.

 I hush the rest of the family back into their rooms, who're wondering about the commotion, and head to the gate.

 Outside the door.

 Stands Orsted.

 Currently entangled by the wooden pillars at the gate, Beat. It's tentacle play.

 "Sorry for coming so late."

 "It's fine… Beat, stop it."

 "This is an emergency. Do you have time?"

 "Ah, yes."

 With a few swooshes, Orsted untangles himself from Beat and disappears into the darkness.

 I applied some healing magic on Beat, briefly inform Eris that I'll be out, and rush to catch up to him.

 There are no 24-hour shops in the city.

 So we met at a nearby clearing instead.

 A moonless light.

 Only the lantern I brought from home illuminates the empty field.

 Somehow we always meet in such dark locales, when Orsted and I speak privately.

 And when we speak in such dark locales, it feels like we're scheming something.

 I should add more lights to the office…

 "So, what is it?"

 "About the pawns Hitogami has prepared this time."

 Orsted has read Ginger's intel.

 Because he wasn't around when I visited, I left a memo.

 "I'll give you my predictions based on Ginger York's report, and the strategies to deal with them."

 Predictions?

 It would be better if we have more time to collect information.

 Should I hold Zanoba back to collect more intel?

 No, at this crucial moment I can't trouble Zanoba.

 This is rough.

 "First, about the ten knights. Nine of them are probably small fries."

 "Right."

 "But the last one, the skull-faced man, I remember him."

 The guy always staying by Pax's side.

 "Knight of Kingdom of Dragon King, with a face of a skull, and outstanding skills. There's only one possible candidate."

 "And that is?"

 Orsted sharply glares at me (I think).

 "Ranked fifth on the Seven Great World Powers, Death God Randolph Marianne."

 Seven Great World Powers.

 Number 5. Death God.

 Those three phrases hit me head on.

 So the rumors are true…?

 "The trump card of Kingdom of Dragon King."

 "… Trump card? Why would he be involved in the political dispute of another country?"

 "I don't know, but assuming Hitogami's involved, that's typical of him."

 Ah, of course if I think about it.

 I asked something pointless again.

 "Why Kingdom of Dragon King would rent out the Death God is hard to imagine, but someone else can worry about that… Right now we don't have any information about any other pawns involved who would be capable of assassinating you or I. For now, I want to discuss how to deal with the Death God with you."

 Perhaps that skull-faced man isn't the Death God.

 But better safe than sorry, and be prepared for the worst.

 "That Death God Randolph does not belong to any school in particular, he's a self-styled warrior."

 "Self-styled?"

 "Indeed, no set style. He would do anything for victory."

 In other words, like Ruijerd?

 I'm no good against someone like that.

 "But his best skill is [Sword of Bewitching]."

 Sword of Bewitching.

 I can imagine from the name alone.

 A skill like Engetsu Sappou.

 "[Sword of Bewitching] is a meld of [Sword of Luring] and [Sword of Hesitation]."

 "What do they each do?"

 "[Sword of Luring] entices an enemy to attack when he should retreat. [Sword of Hesitation] forces an enemy to retreat when he should attack."

 Eh?

 I don't get it.

 "In battle, he manipulates the opponent, making him attack when he shouldn't, defend when he shouldn't. It messes with your timing, so be prepared."

 "But I don't really know what I'm supposed to do then, hearing that."

 "Attack when you thought to guard, guard when you thought to attack. But there are also times to defend, and times to attack."

 How rhetorical.

 Confusing.

 "Don't let his theatrics get to you, just overpower him."

 In that case, then Orsted can go take care of him.

 I briefly entertained that precocious thought, before shooing it away.

 Orsted is heading to Kingdom of Dragon King.

 "Can I overpower him…"

 "He's fifth on the Seven Great World Powers, so he's master class, and has plenty of counters against magic. A difficult opponent indeed… but a man long absent from the battlefield. Right now, he's probably a distant second to any of the heads of three great sword styles. Once you figure out [Sword of Bewitching], understand how it works, and steady your resolve, even you should suffice against him."

 Really?

 Honestly, I don't have any confidence against someone of God Rank.

 But I did beat North Emperor Auber that time, so maybe I can. Probably?

 "Sounds like that Death God uses tactics similar to North God Style."

 "Indeed, that man was the original candidate for North God."

 Ah, really?

 So he was a candidate, but he's not the North God, so he failed?

 Yet he's ranked above even the current North God?

 I think North God is ranked seventh, and Death God fifth.

 "Then how did he become the Death God?"

 Orsted gave me the details about Death God when I asked.

 Randolph Marianne.

 Grandson of the second North God.

 For a while since birth, he trained alongside the third generation and current North God, under the second generation's tutelage.

 But when he came of age, he had a fall out with the second generation.

 Leaving the second generation North God, he went on to develop his own techniques.

 Afterwards, he managed to defeat one of the Seven Great World Powers in the Magic Continent.

 Randolph ended up gaining the title of Death God after beating the original.

 But from that day forth, endless hoards would challenge him, vying for a place among the Seven Great World Powers.

 One fight after another.

 Endless battles against those that care for nothing but the battlefield.

 After spending ten years fighting those fights, Randolph was fed up.

 He decided to retire.

 He returned to his hometown at Kingdom of Dragon King and studied to become a chef.

 Then he took over a relative's troubled restaurant.

 Thus a new chapter of the Legend of the Death God began.

 But that legend had a rather inglorious end.

 The restaurant folded due to financial difficulties.

 He had talent has a warrior, but none as a chef.

 Buried in debt and wandering the street, he was picked up by a general of Kingdom of Dragon King, and became a knight of the kingdom.

 No one knows how old he is, but that's the story of Death God Randolph.

 What an interesting tale.

 "As long as your tactics are sound, he isn't a hard counter against you. If Death God Randolph does appear, use guerilla tactics. Attack from a distance, just like you did with me."

 "Got it."

 Death God Randolph.

 Carving the name of my new enemy deep into my memory, towards Orsted I took a bow.

 "Then… come back alive."

 "Okay. Thank you."

 Knowledge of a potential hard fight ahead.

 We head out tomorrow.

 How suffocating.

 Part 2

 The day of departure.

 My entire family came to see me off at the gate.

 Sylphy, with Lara in tow, Eris, Aisha, Norn, Lilia, Zenith, Lucy, Leo, and Jirou.

 "Well, Rudi, be careful. It's fine since it's Rudi, but don't get careless. Come back safe."

 "Sylphy, take care of the family."

 "Em. I will."

 I gave Sylphy a hug.

 And rubbed her butt while I'm at it.

 Do I really have to say goodbye to this cute butt also?

 "Eris, no rigorous exercise until the baby is born."

 "Got it."

 "And if the baby is a girl, please give her a girl's name."

 I caution Eris just in case.

 Knowing her, even if it's a girl, she might give her a boy's name.

 And raise her as a boy anyways.

 That makes for a fun story, but it's obviously a pretty awful thing to do to a girl.

 "Well then, Onii-chan. Work hard. Expect the mercenary group to be even bigger by the time you get back."

 "Alright, but nothing too shady, okay?"

 "Hey!"

 I also caution Aisha just in case.

 The mercenary group is on the right track, but don't forget, they're a group of hoodlums.

 Look away from the wheel for a second, and they'll turn back to a bunch of good-for-nothings.

 The only thing we can do is keep them as spotless as possible.

 "Nii-san, I was in his care while his highness Zanoba was in school. If possible, do your best to prevent the worst from happening."

 "Yes, count on me."

 "Well then, you take care too, Nii-san."

 "Norn, work hard for the student council too."

 Going out of her way to come today, Norn is rather strict.

 Her days will only get harder, now that she's the student council president.

 "Master, may the fortune of war be with you."

 "Yes, I'll return safe this time as well."

 Lilia tries to light a fire under me.

 She's approaching retirement age.

 Well, she still has some youth in her, but now's not the time for this conversation, so I can only bow for now.

 "…"

 Zenith rubs me on the head.

 Perhaps Lilia can't just leave her alone, with Zenith the way she is?

 Somehow I feel that my family might have robbed Lilia of her path in life.

 But, this is the path Lilia chose, probably.

 "Hey Lucy, tell papa to stay safe."

 "… Have a safe trip."

 "I'm leaving now, Lucy."

 Lucy fidgets by Sylphy's legs.

 As if struggling about something.

 Finally, with her mind made, she looks towards me.

 "… Papa, hug."

 "! Come here… okay, good, be a good girl now!"

 "Mm…"

 Given a rare chance to spoil her, I gave her an eskimo kiss.

 Maybe because I shaved this time, she didn't resist.

 I let her off after charging my fill.

 Finally, I speak to Julie, who's left in my family's care.

 "Julie."

 "Yes, grandmaster."

 "You might be a slave, but you're also a guest of Zanoba, as well as my student. No one here will treat you like a slave. Consider yourself family and make yourself comfortable."

 "Yes. I will do my best to not be a bother too."

 Julie always took my lessons to heart.

 She is fluent in human language, and has even become quite good with etiquette.

 Now that I think about it, it's been 5, no, 6 years since we bought her.

 Her figure remains roughly the same, though, but Ginger trained her well. She even got her period already.

 She is already a respectable adult.

 Should I have expected this?

 "And… please take care of master."

 "Yes. Of course."

 Julie seems quite concerned for Zanoba.

 That's how it is.

 I would worry as well.

 That's why I'm going.

 "Leo, same as always. Not just Lara, please protect the rest of the family as well."

 "Woofu!"

 And finally, I ask guard dog #2 to guard in my stead.

 "Well, let's go."

 "I'm going now."

 With luggages in tow, we head out.

 Roxy also says her goodbyes with the family, and we leave them behind together.

 Part 3

 Afterwards, we meet up with Zanoba at the city entrance.

 Basically, most of our baggage has already been sent to Shirone Kingdom. We're traveling light.

 Just a change of clothes.

 As courtesy, I'm also carrying Roxy's luggage.

 There are roughly seven holy relics among them.

 They must be carried with the utmost respect.

 Cliff also came to the city entrance to see us off.

 "Sorry, Rudeus… I really want to go, but…"

 Cliff wants to come, but he has a family to look after.

 I can understand.

 Also he's not like me, always globetrotting like I already dropped out of school.

 "Cliff-senpai… Please help out if my family is in need."

 "Em. Rudeus, take care of Zanoba."

 "I will."

 With that said, Cliff turns to face Zanoba.

 "Zanoba. I thought about your patriotism."

 "Well, it's not really patriotism."

 "… But Zanoba, please listen carefully. Milis-sama once said…"

 Then Cliff went on and on preaching to Zanoba in the typical Milis style.

 Is it fair to call him preachy?

 I was on the receiving end of that often too.

 But this is a life and death situation, so I can understand.

 Zanoba can only listen and smile wryly.

 In one ear and out the other.

 I glance around while pretending to listen, and saw Elinalise and Roxy talking among themselves.

 "Roxy. Please take care of Rudi. That kid can crumble under pressure…"

 "You don't have to tell me."

 Worrying about me?

 I can understand worrying about Lara crying.

 But besides that I can't think of any other reason to worry about me.

 "When he gets depressed, push him down like last time. Don't forget."

 "Oh, well… I don't think Rudi will repeat a mistake like that."

 "Well, this journey could be a good educational opportunity. You're still producing milk, right? Try some new plays while your body's still different, it could be… hot."

 "Rudi might like it, but I won't."

 I trust Roxy with her words, but…

 Sorry, I'm the kind that repeats my mistakes.

 If, hypothetically, Zanoba dies, it's not impossible that I'll fall apart again.

 Well, maybe Elinalise is just joking around to loosen Roxy up.

 Yeah, I'll go with that.

 Elinalise is the same as always, even after giving birth.

 Only dirty jokes whenever she speaks.

 Hopefully she'll restrain herself when educating her child.

 "Well, I'm going."

 "Ah, come back safe."

 Part 4

 A half day's travel to the citadel ruins before we teleport inside the Sky Castle.

 Roxy also managed to enter the Sky Castle.

 Arumanfi looks in disgust as he explains the conditions for Roxy's entry.

 Immediately upon our arrival, Sylvaril and two of Perugius's other familiars surround the magic circle.

 Tight security for only one individual, Roxy.

 "Rudeus-sama. This time Perugius-sama was too generous to permit this Magic race from entering the castle…"

 "Yeah, thanks."

 "…"

 I go through the motions, but Roxy can only silently look down.

 Condition Number One.

 Roxy must remain silent when inside the castle.

 Also, don't touch anything.

 And don't come within sight of Perugius.

 Only then would she be allowed passage.

 Roxy understands this.

 "…"

 Only that, Roxy looks dreamily towards the breathtaking Sky Castle.

 Gawking like a country bumpkin at the castle standing before her and pulling my sleeves.

 Even though I just explained how Roxy has been barred from the castle.

 I pat her shoulders to stop her.

 From under her hat she looks up to me, slightly red-faced.

 Really looks like an embarrassed bumpkin.

 "Cough."

 Sylvaril coughs at our playfulness.

 Isn't it fine as long as she doesn't talk?

 Though Perugius might be known for his magnanimity. If you show too much prejudice against Roxy, bad rumors might spread about his underlings.

 The ones that would spread them would be my dog and cat.

 "Well, this way."

 Sylvaril leads the way. Flanked by the other familiars, we head underground.

 No sightseeing, but, it can't be helped. I'm the one asking for a favor.

 Bringing in a Magic race that Perugius abhors.

 I don't know why it's such a big deal, but he must really favor Zanoba to permit her passage.

 Perugius really wants to keep Zanoba alive.

 "… Sylvaril-san."

 "What is it?"

 "Please give Perugius-sama my thanks again."

 "Certainly."

 A reply, as matter of course.

 Nanahoshi awaits us at the teleport chamber.

 She stands behind the already activated magic teleport circle.

 Speaking of which, I forgot to mention our trip to her.

 Maybe she heard about it from somewhere and came to send us off?

 "Zanoba… I heard you're going home, but…"

 Nanahoshi might have heard of the situation, but doesn't really know what she should say.

 With her arms crossed in front of her, she looks troubled.

 Slowly Zanoba approaches her.

 "Yes, Nanahoshi-dono. I'm going home first."

 "…"

 Nanahoshi makes a complicated expression.

 Looks a bit jealous, but also a bit sad.

 "Nanahoshi-dono, your day to go home will come one day as well."

 Zanoba wasn't trying to put on airs.

 For Nanahoshi, whose ability to return is undetermined, that might sound like an insult.

 "Yeah, I hope so."

 "Nanahoshi-dono, don't give up. You'll return one day, but you can't if that home is gone."

 With that said, Zanoba wraps his arms around Nanahoshi, and gently pats her back.

 "I might be far away then, but I'll pray for Nanahoshi-dono's safe passage home."

 If this was Japan, that might be considered sexual harrassment.

 But Nanahoshi doesn't show aversion. Frigidly, she also wraps her arms around Zanoba as well.

 A sparkle hidden at the edge of her eyes.

 "Well, then, thank you, Zanoba, em your highness…"

 "No need for courtesy now. Each day I spent with Nanahoshi-dono and Cliff researching were all irreplaceable memories. Thanks are unnecessary. Or rather, I should be the one that owes you thanks."

 Say, did Zanoba and Cliff grow close because of what happened with Nanahoshi?

 Assisting Nanahoshi with her research together also deepened their bond.

 How nostalgic.

 "No, thank you, if I… without your highness Zanoba's presence, my research would certainly not have reached its current stage."

 "Rather, without Nanahoshi-dono, I would have never met Perugius-sama, and missed such a convenient method for returning home. So we're even! Hahaha!"

 Still smiling, Zanoba separates himself from Nanahoshi.

 "Well then, Nanahoshi-dono. In case we don't meet again… take care."

 "Yes…"

 Nanahoshi looks towards me with unease.

 (This sounds like a last goodbye, but isn't it an easy return with teleport magic?)

 Of course, this won't be a last goodbye.

 Zanoba is just visiting home for a while.

 All I do now is simply nod.

 "Well, Shisho, let's go."

 Following Zanoba's lead, we head inside the magic circle.

 Part 5

 The magic circle destination is a ruin.

 The usual teleportation ruin.

 This ruin lays on the edge of Shirone Kingdom, inside the eastern forests.

 It's about five days journey to the capital.

 "Phew…"

 Roxy lets out a sigh with her ban lifted.

 Also, she looks incredulously at the magic circle she arrived with.

 "I always had some interest in magic teleport circles."

 "I'm used to it by now."

 "If I memorize how the magic circle looks, I might be able to draw one myself…"

 "… Can you?"

 Hearing my response, Roxy shakes her head.

 "No. Perugius-sama already said he doesn't want Magic race in the castle. Probably because when Laplace revives, it would be troublesome if there are Magic race capable of teleport magic, I imagine. If I memorize it, he'd have me killed."

 Really?

 That might not be the main reason, but it might be one of them.

 But Laplace should know of magic teleport circles himself, so that might be pointless.

 "Quit the chit-chat. Come on. We still need to pick up our baggage."

 That was Zanoba. Thus we head out of the ruins.

 We found a small hut by the forest, and collect the luggage that was left there for us.

 Then we head to the capital.

 Part 6

 By the time we reached the capital city of Shirone, Latakia, it's already sunset.

 When Zanoba passed the city gates, he looks deeply moved.

 It also been a long time since I visited this place.

 The scenery doesn't look very different from how I remember it.

 There are plenty of adventurers on the streets, ready to challenge a labyrinth.

 But, well?

 It feels rather tense since our arrival, and the streets more unkempt.

 Not just the adventurers, it feels like a lot more hoodlums and suspicious types are about.

 "Mm, the number of mercenaries have grown since I have been away. Looks like war is coming."

 Zanoba sounds a bit happy in his voice.

 How can he sound so happy with war approaching?

 Somehow I feel he isn't just putting on a brave face.

 "You look happy."

 "Shisho, that's because battle raises your spirit."

 "Does it."

 "Yes. It's what it means to be a man. Isn't that the same for everyone?"

 I don't really get it.

 Like the excitement from seeing a robot in person?

 Regardless, we head to the residence Ginger prepared for us.

 We'll stay here for a night, then change tomorrow to announce our return and have an audience with the king.

 We didn't cross the border, so it's a bit sketchy, but we have an excuse prepared.

 If he didn't ask, all the better.

 "Zanoba-sama, I'd like to lie low in the city and collect more information."

 Ginger said and takes her leave.

 Zanoba stops her.

 "Eh? Ginger, you're a knight. Shouldn't you come with me tomorrow to report to his highness of our return?"

 "… No. While I may be a knight, I'm also Zanoba-sama's royal guard. I sense something amiss in the city."

 "Well, do that then."

 "Yes!"

 While taking her bow, Ginger shoots me a glance.

 As if to tell me to please take care of Zanoba-sama.

 I nod in return.

 Well then, from now on this is the real deal.

 Only Zanoba and I will have an audience with Pax.

 From there, we'll gain some idea of what Hitogami's up to.

 Alternatively, that might become our battlefield against the Death God.

 In that case, I'll grab Zanoba and run.

 With Roxy covering us from outside, we'll retreat outside of the city.

 From there I can use the Magic Armor and do battle with the Death God, or make a run for it.

 Those are Orsted's instructions. For battle, attack from a distance.

 Assuming it's [Sword of Bewitching], I should have the advantage in a ranged battle with the Magic Armor.

 If a fight does not happen…

 I'm afraid Zanoba will march to war.

 A battle against the northern kingdom, I don't know how it'll turn out, but…

 Also, I don't know what will satisfy Zanoba.

 How will I bring Zanoba back?

 What do I have to say in order to persuade Zanoba?

 If Pax is aiming to take Zanoba's life, will Zanoba reconsider?

 Well, let's think about this again after our audience.

 Honestly, I hate the fact of just walking into an obvious trap.

 It's easier if I can just blow up Pax and the castle from a distance.

 But I know that's impossible.

 Orsted bars it, and even if he didn't, Zanoba wouldn't let me.

 The castle is the symbol of a nation, and if suddenly destroyed, so goes the kingdom.

 It would only entice the enemy from the north to attack.

 Basically, it's impossible.

 An uneasy future.

 All I can do is sigh.

 First, let's take care of the audience.

 Then we'll figure out what we need to do.

 "Rudi."

 In the midst of my thought, someone taps on my shoulder.

 I turn around to see Roxy standing there.

 "Aren't you a little tense there."

 "Am I?"

 "Yes. How about relaxing a little. You can't be careless, but if you're so stiff, you'll find it hard to move during crucial moments."

 Roxy began rubbing my shoulders as she spoke.

 With her small, but strong hands.

 For a while, I sat there and savour those sensual hands.

 Indeed.

 I need to be flexible.

 Just decide on a target for now, then go with the flow.

 At worst, it's fine as long as Zanoba and Roxy live.

 Including my own life, that's three.

 Let's set that as our baseline.

 Then, let's add Ginger on top of that, so four.

 The survival of us four, and a safe return.

 Can I do it?

 "Thank you. I feel a weight taken off of my shoulders because of you."

 I turn around after saying that.

 Roxy is her usual self, her sleepy eyes.

 But somehow gentler than usual.

 "No, the usual Rudi would be more playful when relaxed."

 "… Like?"

 "Like saying, [Roxy, how about massage my front this time, starting here] and ripping your pants off…"

 "B-But that's only when we're at home…"

 "Yes. At home all Rudi wants to do is dirty stuff."

 Roxy said as she caresses my face.

 Feel like I'm being reprimanded.

 Sexy stuff is no good?

 On the eve of the battle, with her around, anyone would want the same.

 Not just me.

 "Just kidding. Doesn't that help you loosen up?"

 "… Ah, yeah. It did."

 Indeed, my shoulders have loosened up.

 With enough tension to remain right for the situation.

 Relaxed, but still focused.

 It's just right.

 "Well, I'll rest up for the audience tomorrow. Thank you."

 "Yes, good night, Rudi."

 Do my best.

 With only that on my mind, I slept.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
