Volume 20.5  4 — And to Milishion…

Volume 20.5 Chapter 4 - And to Milishion…

 

 Part 1

 Sylphy became pregnant.

 It's our second child together.

 It's right before the departure.

 If this was in the past, I would be at my wit's end as to whether or not to leave.

 However, this is the fourth child I've made right before going on a long business trip.

 I'm still a bit anxious, but I'm much more composed now compared to the past.

 It's truly auspicious.

 What should the name be?

 I wonder if it's a boy or a girl.

 Lucy, will you get a little brother or a little sister?

 You're going to become a big sister again, aren't you?

 And, I was running around the garden in glee but…

 "Madam Sylphy is… W, what should I do…!?"

 Lilia was panicking.

 She, who was always calm, had a blue face and was hesitating on whether to go…

 "My purpose is to take care of madam Zenith… But, the pregnant Madam Sylphy is the only one who can do housework… If something happens…"

 She will travel with us to Milis in order to take care of Zenith.

 Meanwhile Sylphy will be left with the housework.

 That was the plan, before finding out Sylphy was pregnant.

 Well, Roxy could help with the housework, or we could even hire a temporary maid.

 Though I may think that, leaving my pregnant wife alone for several months still makes me feel slightly uneasy.

 Lilia was at a loss.

 She doesn't know whether she should follow and take care of Zenith or stay and help Sylphy.

 When I see Lilia upset like this, I feel like I should be more concerned.

 Maybe I shouldn't be innocently celebrating.

 Originally, when I became Orsted's subordinate, I prepared myself for this type of situation.

 But, thinking back, I assumed there would be a trusted caretaker like Aisha or Lilia there in my absence.

 Perhaps, this might be bad.

 I'm starting to get flustered…

 "Ummm, I'm fine. It's the second time, and there's also Roxy and Eris, Grandma too."

 Sylphy said that to comfort Lilia.

 Certainly, this is Sylphy's second child.

 She knows what to do.

 There are many people she can rely on too.

 Roxy would often be out of the house, so it might be best to have Elinalise check in regularly.

 Even Eris should be able to help out if the need arises.

 Yeah, that's right.

 During Sylphy's first pregnancy, only Aisha and Norn were here to help.

 Aisha has experience from taking care of three pregnant women now, but back then she was still inexperienced.

 If I think about it, the current situation is better.

 And this time I'll certainly be back before even a year passes.

 So it's fine.

 "That's right, we can manage it! I'll protect them!"

 "I'll be a bit anxious because I won't be in the house during the day, but someone will always be around, so I don't think there's any danger."

 Eris agreed, Roxy too.

 However, there are still many reasons to be concerned.

 Lilia looked down at Lara, who was standing while grasping the hem of Roxy's robe.

 "However, there are other children, increasing the burden. I do not know what will happen…"

 Certainly, you can't predict what children will do.

 Both Lucy and Lara are actively moving.

 Those two would never attack Sylphy with a malicious intent.

 But, what if for example Lucy hits Sylphy with magic during practice?

 Or Lara tries to leave the house riding Leo, and Sylphy tumbles down the stairs in a panic.

 … I could keep going on forever.

 Anyway, kids are accidents waiting to happen.

 I'm uneasy.

 There's no need to say who caused Sylphy to become pregnant.

 When Sylphy said [Because of my race, I may not be able to have any more kids], I responded with [We won't know until we try] and never even considered family planning.

 No, it's not like I was just playing around.

 We earnestly wanted another child.

 But it's been 5 years since Lucy was born, so I thought Sylphy was right about not being able to make more and recently have been doing 'it' without concern…

 Anyway, there's no helping it.

 I am responsible.

 I, when my wife is pregnant and having difficulties, must leave her side once again.

 It's been like this for all three so far.

 Even so, why, I wonder why there's always a pregnancy before I leave on a trip…

 I wonder if this is Hitogami's curse.

 Maybe I should delay the trip to Milis.

 We could delay the trip for about a year, wait for Sylphy's delivery, and then depart afterwards.

 But there's a chance that Roxy or Eris would get pregnant, and it would be a continuous cycle…

 In any case, given the time it takes to travel to Milis, the other side shouldn't expect us for another year or two.

 It was the same situation for Cliff.

 However, there's Cliff's matter.

 Elinalise wanted me to watch over Cliff at least for the beginning.

 Cliff will go with or without us.

 I think things will be OK, but he might be irreparably cornered if I left him alone for a year.

 Both Sylphy and Cliff are unlikely to be in danger.

 Neither case is more urgent than the other.

 I need to choose one of the two.

 Cliff or Sylphy.

 Work or Love.

 If I think about the future, I should hurry along my plan to open a Mercenary branch office in Milis, and assist Cliff in becoming the future Pope.

 That would be the best outcome for me.

 But, is that alright?

 If it causes Sylphy and the children to cry, then isn't it meaningless?

 I have to keep in mind why I'm working for Orsted.

 I can't lose sight of that reason.

 "……"

 While I was thinking about it…

 Suddenly, Zenith moved.

 "Hm? Madam Zenith?"

 She suddenly moved without warning, almost like she was sleepwalking, and grabbed Lilia's hand.

 She seemed to be putting in a lot of strength, since Lilia was stumbling while being dragged along.

 Zenith's destination was Sylphy.

 "Err… Zenith, san?"

 Sylphy seemed confused.

 Zenith took Lilia's hand and gently placed it on Sylphy's shoulder.

 As if she were trying to ask Lilia to look after Sylphy.

 As if to say she would be alright on her own, so Lilia should stay behind.

 "You, madam…!"

 Lilia's eyes were moist.

 This is the strong will that Zenith sometimes shows.

 Everyone in the family noticed how she shows it whenever her children or grandchildren are involved.

 Rather than having Lilia take care of her, Zenith wants her to take care of Sylphy and the child that will be born.

 Everyone understood.

 "I understand."

 Lilia wiped the tears from her eyes, and nodded at Zenith.

 Her face showed that she no longer wavered.

 "Aisha!"

 "Y, Yes!"

 Lilia called out to Aisha, whose mouth was agape.

 "In my place, take care of madam Zenith, and safely escort her to the Latreia house. I will not permit selfishness!"

 "…… Yes!"

 Aisha was lost for a moment.

 She probably doesn't want to go to the Latreia house.

 But she isn't a bad child that can say 'no' in this situation.

 "Rudeus-sama, for this, thank you in advance."

 "… Yes, it's no trouble."

 If Lilia is watching over her, Sylphy will definitely be fine.

 I strongly believe that.

 I can do my job in the Holy Kingdom of Milis without worry.

 "Sylphy."

 "… What, Rudy?"

 However, there's one thing left to say.

 Something very important.

 "I love you."

 "Yeah. I love you too."

 Sylphy stood up, and gently put her arms around my back.

 I buried my face in her hair and hugged her without squeezing too tightly.

 "Our child's name, I'll keep thinking."

 "Yeah, let me know when you return."

 Sylphy laughed shyly.

 Ordinarily, I would be uneasy.

 However, Lilia is with Sylphy.

 She's my dependable second mother.

 Then, after hugging Roxy and Eris, we departed.

 Part 2

 We started to move.

 Myself, Aisha, Zenith, and Cliff.

 Only us four.

 Although we carefully selected our luggage, we ended up bringing a lot.

 The lithograph for communication and summoning scroll for the Magic Armor MK-I.

 As usual I'm wearing the MK-IIB, so the weight is no problem.

 But, even with abundant strength, I only have two hands and one back.

 The size of a person doesn't change, and it's hard to move while carrying luggage larger than your body.

 It's like lugging a large cardboard box around.

 I met up with Cliff in the suburbs while carrying that mountain of luggage.

 Cliff was surprised when I told him that our traveling companions had decreased.

 But, hearing about Sylphy's pregnancy, he congratulated me with a bright smile.

 "From my point of view, your situation cannot be praised enough… Milis teaches [The birth of a new life is a joyous occasion in any circumstance.]"

 "I thank you for your words."

 "I pray to Milis that our children become good friends."

 Even if the Milis religion doesn't approve of my lifestyle, they don't find fault in my children.

 Well, there's a good chance my children will also have multiple partners…

 Cliff probably has a sermon prepared for that.

 No, I'll have to lecture them. That's right.

 "By the way, Cliff-senpai, do you know anything about the Latreia house?"

 "The Latreia house…"

 Over the past month, my sisters and Lilia have told me various things about the Latreia house's Claire-baachan while wearing uncharacteristically unpleasant faces.

 In summary, she's extremely stubborn and strict.

 Norn said [My only memories of her are of her getting angry at me for not doing well enough] while looking away, and Aisha said [She got angry at me for doing better than Norn-nee] while sighing.

 Lilia only said [She's a person who values lineage and the Milis doctrine.]

 In short, these three people, while they were staying at the Latreia house in Milishion, seem to have been persistently harassed about things like family and social standing and marriage.

 However, regarding Claire, I didn't worry very much.

 Although what I've heard makes meeting her a bit scary…

 I already know someone stubborn and strict.

 Although he's deceased…

 Sauros Boreas Greyrat.

 Eris's grandfather.

 That old man had different values than Claire, but he still fits the description to a tee.

 If I conducted myself civilly, he would respond accordingly.

 Claire is a human being too.

 If she respects blood ties, then technically I have the blood of the Greyrats and Latreia.

 The part about respecting the Milis doctrine is a bit scary, so I should hide the fact that I practice polygamy.

 In any case, I was able to get along in Eris's house full of loud and violent people.

 If Claire is something like a female version of Sauros, then I'll probably be okay.

 My sister's memories paint her as an unpleasant person, there's still a decent possibility that when I meet her she turns out to be a good person who's just a bit stubborn and hot-headed.

 Ruijerd was like that too.

 Anyway, I have no intention to stop a mother from reuniting with her daughter.

 But just in case, I'll ask for more information.

 "They are key members of the anti-Magic Race faction, and are a prominent family that has produced many excellent temple knights."

 "Hmmm."

 Temple Knights.

 If I remember correctly, my aunt Therese was a member of the Temple Knight order.

 I wonder if she's doing well.

 "I was still small when I was in Milis, so I don't know many details, but Norn-kun described them as strict."

 Norn seems to trust Cliff, and seems to have consulted with him when she had problems at school.

 By the flow of things, she seems to have talked to him about being branded as [worthless child] by the Latreia house.

 She was always compared to Aisha, and called a good-for-nothing who lost to the mistress's child.

 Cliff seems to have told her something along the lines of [Do not worry about being compared to others, you must simply strive to improve your current self.]

 As a result, Norn became the Student Council President.

 It's something unsaid, but Norn seems to respect Cliff.

 It's not at the level of 'love'.

 But, if not for Elinalise, there's a chance that the two of them could have gotten together.

 Ah, then the anti-Magic Race Latreia house and the pro-Magic Race Grimoire house would have a connection.

 Oh, no no.

 Norn is different.

 She's a child of the Greyrat house.

 She has nothing to do with the factional strife in the Milis religious community.

 "When we return, I pray that you don't join the Latreia house and become my enemy."

 "There's no way I would become Cliff-senpai's enemy."

 "Of course I trust you. But sometimes there are things that can't be helped…"

 Cliff said so, and smiled wryly.

 If you think about it, it can certainly seem like it will lead to trouble.

 The Latreia house is allied with the Order of the Temple Knights, part of the anti-Magic Race faction, and an enemy of Cliff.

 It would be natural to think that I would be connected to that house.

 No, I'm only connected by blood.

 I am of the Greyrat house in the Magic City Sharia.

 I am Orsted's subordinate, [The Right Arm of the Dragon God] Rudeus Greyrat.

 I am Rudeus, Cliff's friend, that is who I am.

 "I won't be actively helping Cliff-senpai, but I certainly won't become an enemy. If you think this is a lie then we could always betroth one of my daughters to Clive."

 "Oh, that might be good. The engagement of your daughter and my son… Yeah, not bad…"

 "Ah, please wait a minute. After all, a parent deciding their child's marriage is…"

 "I know, I know. It's just a joke. Come on, let's get going."

 Cliff began to walk with a smile.

 It's really a joke, right?

 But since both Lucy and Lara are so cute…

 Surely both of them will grow up to resemble their beautiful mothers in the future.

 Clive-kun would grow up watching those beautiful sisters.

 Lucy would probably be his first love.

 Clive-kun is Elinalise's son, he may confess and start dating her at an early age.

 Rather than some person of questionable background, he's Cliff's son.

 If Clive-kun insists, and lowers his head saying "Please, father-in-law", I won't oppose them going out.

 Of course, I have no right to be called father-in-law by you, but--

 "Oniichan, let's go."

 Aisha said that, leading Zenith by the hand, and I pulled myself together.

 "Oh, sorry sorry."

 I'm getting ahead of myself.

 While thinking that, we followed Cliff.

 Part 3

 I stopped by the office to greet Orsted.

 Then went through the basement to use the magic teleportation circle.

 We had previously established a teleportation circle near Milis.

 We were teleported into the depths of a forest not far from Milishion.

 We're in the basement of an abandoned mansion.

 Even if I ask myself why there's an abandoned mansion in the forest,

 it seems that in this world villages near forests are frequently swallowed up.

 This is one of those villages.

 It's mossy, and the mansion's basement is full of ivy.

 In such a place, the magic formation glows dimly.

 The mansion is neglected, but perhaps because it's supported by the trees it won't collapse soon.

 Although occasionally adventurers come from neighboring towns, so I hid the room to the magic formation with a secret passageway, and I left a treasure chest in the room with the entrance to the passage.

 I only left some useless magic items in the chest, but most adventurers will be satisfied with that and return.

 We're moving on foot from here.

 Because Zenith is essentially disabled, traveling is slow.

 There aren't any strong monsters in the vicinity of Milis, but it's still necessary to advance steadily.

 Oh yeah, speaking of monsters.

 When I visited this forest with Orsted to install the magic formation,

 I remembered seeing a certain monster for the first time.

 A goblin.

 Green skin, about half the size of a human.

 Lustful and belligerent, they are the world's weakest class of monster.

 Living in tribes, they occasionally capture members of other races and impregnate them.

 They can't be communicated with and view people as enemies, attacking on sight.

 But in truth, there are those who think goblins may not be monsters but members of the demon race.

 They live with a very primitive lifestyle in caves in the depths of the forest.

 Living in cave-type dwellings, they survive as groups of hunters.

 Although the craftsmanship is poor, they use simple tools like clubs and stone knives.

 Also, although I only caught a glimpse, it looked like goblin parents show something like love for their children.

 I don't think they're that different from primitive humans, they're simply treated as monsters because of their low intelligence.

 If they could understand their words, things may be a little different.

 But, this is Milis Continent.

 Such a creature would never be acknowledged in the Holy Kingdom of Milis.

 Possibly, Goblins might immediately attack people only because of bad blood from past times.

 Surely, the goblins share a history of struggle with Milis.

 If I think about it Goblins are a pitiable creature.

 Maybe it would be a different story if they inhabited the Central Continent.

 Rather than a demon, they might have been recognized as a low-class Magic race…

 While thinking that, I effortlessly eliminated any Goblins that came to attack us along our route to Milishion.

 No, I'm not about to start a Goblin Welfare Organization.

 I won't forgive goblins for attacking me even if they're pitiable.

 After exiting the forest, we're about 7 days from Milishion.

 We stopped in a village to buy a horse-drawn carriage.

 Even if I said carriage, it's more like a poorly constructed cart, but it will be better than walking.

 The lithograph is heavy, after all.

 We followed the highway on the carriage.

 The countryside has more plains than Asura Kingdom, many farmers here maintain grazing fields rather than crops.

 Asura Kingdom has scenery like America's fields of wheat,

 this landscape is more like a pasture in the Alps.

 Asura is green and yellow.

 Milis is green and blue.

 Both are consistent in terms of greenery.

 The abundant plant-life is evidence of their prosperity.

 We encountered a lot of monsters on the way, but that's only in terms of the Milis continent.

 Compared to the Magic Continent and Northern lands, Milis Continent is lukewarm.

 ---

 And, we arrived.

 The capital of Holy Milis country, Milishion.

 A beautiful city surrounded by rich nature and protected by seven towers.

 The city where I once reunited with Paul.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
