Volume 21  3 — Milis Church Headquarters

Volume 21 Chapter 3 : Milis Church Headquarters

 

 Part 1

 After the encounter with Claire, I returned to Cliff's house with a dejected heart.

 Right before me, an unbelievable scene was unfolding.

 Wow, inside the house Cliff was hugging an unfamiliar woman.

 A plain looking woman.

 Bright chest-nut colored short hair, freckles on face, short height.

 Though she typically looks thin overall, she seems to have a trace of rotundity because of her bashful impression.

 She doesn't resemble Elinalize at all.

 If Elinalize is like a cat in heat, this person is a castrated dog.

 Certainly, there is no resemblance.

 It's a lie.

 Cliff-senpai.

 What, seriously, the person who so strongly lectured me……

 The reason you didn't bring Elinalize along was for the sake of meeting that person?

 Were you playing with Elinalize all along?

 Even though you have a erotic partner, she still gave birth to your child…don't you feel anything in your heart?

 Please say that this is a lie, Cliff-senpai.

 After continuing from what happened at the Latreia, if even Cliff-senpai does such a thing, I'll stop believing in anything anymore.

 Ah.

 Dammit, where is the love.

 Sylphy, Roxy, Eris.

 Anyone's fine, hold me tight and whisper love to me.

 Then I'll be able to persevere for just a bit longer.

 "Ah, Rudeus, at the right place. Hey, can you get the box on the top of that shelf? With my height, I can't reach it even if I use a stool."

 "Ah, yeah."

 By the time it took me to notice, Cliff had already separated from the girl.

 It didn't particularly feel like they were blushing.

 Only the feeling of supporting someone who has fallen off from the stool.

 "Wendy, did you twist your ankle?"

 "No, it's fine, thank you."

 While hearing such conversation I took down the box that was on top of the shelf.

 The dust which wasn't able to shake off during the cleaning the other day was blown off and the box was handed over to Cliff.

 "Sorry……I think this is probably it……alright. I'm glad, with this I can somehow make it tomorrow."

 Cliff took out some kind of crest from inside the box.

 It's a crest of the Milis Church.

 For the work, I guess?

 "So Rudeus, what is it? Weren't you supposed to stay at the Latreia House for today?"

 While listening to that I set myself on sail.

 I really wanted Cliff to listen to today's story.

 "Yeah, about that, listen to me will you-----"

 Part 2

 While entrusting my anger to him, I explained to Cliff regarding my circumstances.

 About the thing that took place at the Latreia House.

 About Claire's speech and conduct.

 About me not being able to stand it and leaving the house in a fit of rage.

 About how I'm a little calm right now but my anger yet to subside.

 Recalling it all irritates me.

 "……Well"

 Listening to my story, Cliff frowned.

 For a saint like Cliff to not keep up his straight face, he might be able to understand listening to the current story.

 "……Certainly, in the nobility of Milis there exists a custom where the parents get to decide about marriage, there also exists the saying about woman giving birth but……Still I think that letting a person who can't converse with oneself tying the marriage knot is an idea of it's own."

 "You don't agree?"

 You ungrateful fellow. You meanie.

 Even I can't support it that much.

 I can't believe such a person as her is Zenith's mother.

 "Further, Miss Claire might be a little confused. Her daughter is suddenly like that. Try to think about your own children as an example……understand?"

 Cliff said that to me while persuading me.

 The feeling of him getting angry together with me exists.

 However, from Cliff's standpoint he's listening to the story from only my side.

 He might be calmly considering things from the opposite standpoint as well.

 I'll give it a little bit of thought as well.

 My own children……

 About Lucy……it's difficult to imagine something like that yet.

 Let's predict about Norn then.

 Norn goes out on a journey at the same time of her coming-of-age ceremony, finally returns back only to find out that she is now crippled.

 Even that, coming with an unfamiliar man and a child and a concubine's child at that who is not related to you by blood.

 Certainly, there would be confusion.

 You would somehow think that but……

 "Granted the confusion in what way will it conclude to marriage?"

 "………Unexpectedly, might it not be comprehensible if you think about it? Leaving aside the talk about children, if she gets married into nobility, she'll be able to receive assistance."

 I didn't think about that.

 Since the function already left, it felt like a waste that you reused it without discarding it.

 You're a parent of a person.

 After taking great pains to come here it's your own daughter.

 What is that.

 Dammit.

 I remembered Claire's face when I was acting violently in the mansion.

 While I was kicking and scattering the guards blasting them with the Rock Cannon, she had a cold-hearted face.

 As if saying that she had done absolutely nothing wrong yet why is this person acting so violently, so to say it was a face like that.

 But then again, the filter presently inside my eyesight is at stake.

 It could be that Claire's feet were cowering and her face had a stiff expression.

 Even if that is the case, the words that came out of her mouth can't change.

 "In any case, I understand such circumstances. Please make use of my house to your heart's content."

 "Thank you very much."

 "This land is under the Pope's ownership, even if the Latreia who have been trying to do something, can't interfere here."

 After listening to that, I suddenly noticed that I did not realize the possibility that a person of Latreia could do something.

 I separated with Claire.

 We shall never have to meet again.

 I will believe that but the other side might not.

 For the sake of regaining Zenith, there is the possibility of some kind of trick to exist.

 Then, it should be fine to send Zenith back to Sharia.

 "Even for your mother, after finally returning to her hometown to be sent back immediately is a bit pitiable."

 "Mu."

 Mills is Zenith's hometown.

 If you say it like that, certainly even she would want to see and visit several places for a bit longer.

 I also have the feeling to take her to visit several places after I find some free time.

 "But, you know…"

 "While going outside, it's fine to entrust Wendy to look after you. She is a little bit clumsy but a trusting companion."

 While saying that Cliff looked toward the unfamiliar woman.

 "……Cliff-senpai, who is she?"

 "Ah, forgive me. I'm late in introducing her. She is Wendy. If I have to say it……that's right, her connection with me is just like you and Sylphy."

 "I understand, I have acknowledged the details."

 The connection like me and Slyphy……

 I understand, so that's how it is.

 The entire mystery is now solved.

 For one thing, old geezer's reputation is the same as always.

 "I'll keep this a secret from Elinalize-san."

 "No wait, just wait a minute, don't just assume things, it isn't like that."

 A panicked Cliff ended up explaining things.

 It seems today formalities are to take place in the Church Headquarters, simultaneously after this, in order to continue living here some provisions are necessary.

 For one thing, they seem to have decided to hire a Maid.

 So Cliff visited the orphanage on his own foot where he had lived in his former days.

 In the orphanage, as a kind of vocational training for children, they have been taught housework and even cooking.

 Such orphans were recruited for assistance for a cheap price.

 "Wendy is the first senior among them all, very soon the orphanage will no longer be able to let her live there after she ages.

 Therefore for that reasoning, for a short while, I have accepted to help her out in her commuting from there.

 This will also give actual results out if she is to do housework at my place."

 The point is, that girl was finally hired as a teaching practice-like flow.

 Working at Cliff's house who was the Pope's grandchild meant trust could be made apart from producing results.

 An advantageous employment find.

 "My name is Wendy. I can do ordinary housework and the like. Please give me your regards."

 The same as Sylphy.

 To say it like that, I thought she was an addition to his relationship but………

 In other words, she is just a childhood friend that he played with during his former days.

 However, I can't figure out how old Wendy is, I hope misunderstandings don't occur while living together with a girl this young.

 No, it's fine if it's Cliff.

 I can live on my own as well, so it's fine.

 "………"

 Part 3

 Anyway, the moment I rushed out of the Latreia house the plan ended up as a failure.

 If it's become like this, I think it should be a good move to return Zenith to the house at once.

 But at the bare minimum, I wanted to let Zenith look around the town, since I felt indignant about Claire's treatment toward her.

 Still… I'm thinking carelessly.

 It would be better to aid Cliff in his growth to adulthood by completely repressing the Latreia.

 But such a future is not the only one that may come to be.

 "Aisha, what do you think?"

 "……Eh?"

 I'm troubled, I need consultation.

 Let's listen to Aisha's opinion.

 "Do you think it should be good to send mother back to home at once?

 Or else, it might be good to stay at this house for a short while, showing her around the town and visiting several places when there's free time?"

 After listening to that, Aisha started thoroughly considering it while crossing her arms.

 However, she immediately raised her face up and looked towards Cliff.

 "Is this house really safe?"

 "Yeah. It's a small house, but it's unlikely that the Latreia could simply interfere here. It would become a big problem if they did."

 "Assuming they were willing to cause such an incident, what's the likelihood of the Latreia interfering?"

 "It should be almost non-existent. Since their household would also be put in that position."

 Position, huh.

 That old woman is a person who gives priority to her pedigree, probably taking such things into consideration.

 She is stubborn and an unpleasant person to deal with but her mind is not the one at fault.

 "I think it's fine that way."

 With her arms still folded, she said that.

 "But perhaps for that house… that person, Zenith's mother, they no longer value her, now that she has become like this… I think."

 Certainly.

 For the Latreia, Zenith's utility value should have been low.

 That is why Cliff frowned that time, it's just how people accept the common knowledge of this country even if it's something like getting married to a partner who can't even talk.

 When such a thing is forced, I'd think the relationship after marriage would be frail.

 Maybe just tryingto recoup some of the expense they provided to the Fittoa Region search party…

 If that's the case, just name the price, and I'd pay for it.

 An familial relationship no longer exists.

 Or else she won't been treated as a thing.

 "This one time they discovered how scary onii-chan can get, they didn't even give chase to us just now… I don't think they have such an obsession with Zenith."

 Yeah, that's right.

 After leaving the Latreia house, I returned back while leisurely walking but no one was pursuing us.

 I thought the guards would at least be able to pursue us in order to report back.

 I can't understand whether they might be afraid of me, or they just simply gave up.

 But, she was aware of my friendship with Cliff.

 I don't know where she got that information from but……anyhow, now that we've come this far, if it's found out that I've taken refuge here I'll leave it as is.

 "I think it should be alright to live in a place of power where we can be protected from the opposition rather than being able to live in a nearby place in some way or other."

 "I see."

 The risk is great but the return is little.

 That means it's unlikely that they will regain the higher-hand.

 As expected of Aisha.

 She considered things nicely.

 "If that's how it is, Rudeus."

 And then Cliff interposed with his mouth.

 "Tomorrow, I'll be meeting my grandfather, won't you come with me? The problem regarding the Latreia is now raised, it will become difficult to move around in this country from now on… you're in need of a connection, right?"

 "Is it fine?"

 "Of course, it's up to you whether you want to become a shield for my grandfather's back. I'll just introduce you two and won't interfere anymore."

 "I see."

 Cliff should hate me intervening.

 I also had no intention to come to Cliff's assistance.

 However, I haven't grasped how much of my existence has been acknowledged.

 After the introduction, if I can incorporate him in the ally camp, it will end up becoming Cliff's achievement.

 If I can put up with that, he can get me introduced to the Pope.

 I must advance the progress of the mercenary group and not just only Zenith.

 Regarding being a shield for the Pope's back, those two functions can be done effectively.

 Apart from that, it's not necessary for the Pope to protect Zenith.

 Furthermore, just by having some form of connection, the opposition will have more difficulty interfering.

 "…Please take care of me."

 While calculating my thoughts, I bowed my head towards Cliff.

 Well, there are still some things to consider.

 Let's regain our spirit and proceed.

 Part 4

 The next day.

 After eating breakfast we started proceeding towards the Church Headquarters.

 Aisha stayed behind to take care of Zenith.

 The Church Headquarters was standing out as a golden building with an onion mounted on the top of it.

 The holy country of Mills, with the motto of peace, was overflowing with white and silver color.

 In such a country, only this building had an exterior that was clownish and gaudy in its gilded splendor.

 The onion mounted at the top is in bad taste, it really feels so out of place.

 The moment you see it from far way it looks fine.

 An isolated gold is accented within silver and white.

 But, if you look closely you won't continue in any way.

 Here's just another world.

 However, it's different for the people living inside a house with such bad taste.

 At any rate, this is the Milis Church Headquarters.

 It's a place bustling with upwards-compatible types of people like Cliff.

 It looks like a building with bad taste but the holy men have decided to inhabit there…

 Of course, there is no way I can understand that.

 Even in my previous era, the political and religious leaders were estimated to be dirtied by gold.

 It seems to be generally the same for this society as well.

 It's not necessary for people holding political power to smooth over the outward appearances to a degree, ultimately they won't even say beautiful things.

 Well, it's no problem if I associate with those guys at the surface level too.

 I'll set my mind to become well-known as well.

 By appealing to my profound relationship with both Orsted and Ariel, I'll make myself big.

 It was strangely effective in the Latreia house.

 Therefore, it might come to light that Claire took such a thing too lightly.

 I'm big, a big man. Not your average run-of-the-mill person.

 For that reason, I wore my robe today.

 This is my uniform.

 I'm 『Dragon God's right-hand man』 Rudeus Greyrat.

 I was enthusiastic about it too, and yet.

 "I'm extremely sorry but people without any license are not allowed to pass here."

 I was stopped at the entrance of the building.

 "Really? Will it not work with only my license? I thought people with company could enter some time ago…"

 "Since the former days, the rules count for only one person."

 "Is that so. Well… in the former days, because there were kids they were overlooked…?"

 While looking at the crest that I found yesterday Cliff made a troubled face.

 It pretty much seems to be a license.

 By the way, today he is dressed in official clothing as the priest of the Mills Church.

 It seems he was sewing the priest clothes to attach the crest at the chest area during last night.

 "If father Cliff has a license, I think a temporary license can be issued from the inside. Although it takes a little time."

 "…Ah, that's right. Forgive me Rudeus. I'll come back right away with a license so just wait around here."

 Cliff said that while apologizing to me.

 "I understand. There is no need to rush, please go at your own pace."

 I obediently saw off Cliff going into the rest of the way inside.

 Crushed from the outset…

 But, it was not like I was turned away from the gate.

 For the moment let's stroll around the grounds.

 Part 5

 The grounds within were wide, the building was huge as well.

 It seemed to be lightly 4 times that of the Latreia house.

 The building has four stories, if you look at it from above, it looks like a structure piled up with □ and ◇.

 □ is inside ◇.

 It was not like an eight mountain star but rather a square was inside a square.

 At the external part of □ lies the office of the headquarters.

 An office worker related to the organization and a typical reverend father perform business-like procedures.

 Besides that, permission to enter the faith and funeral arrangements are also accepted,

 it seems something like marketing of symbols is also carried out.

 As one must expect from a headquarters, everything performed here is under the influence of the Milis Church.

 Inside the ◇ exists residence wards and office rooms for the staff and what seems to be an idol shrine.

 Typical standard of permitting only the important people and no one else.

 It seems even an office worker is not informed as to what is performed inside.

 So to speak, it's the center department of the Milis Church.

 It's evident a license is necessary.

 While I was looking around several places the sun ended up rising high.

 I got hungry.

 Nevertheless, it might have been a failure.

 Cliff should not have finished the feedback report yet.

 He personally took an appointment for the Pope during yesterday, he might be able to effectively adapt to him since the Pope is a member of the family.

 However, I am a stranger.

 When the grandchild abruptly comes home, hurriedly reporting that he wants you to meet with a strange guy, it would be natural to be wary.

 The matter concerning Zenith was a somewhat unpleasant experience but I have not forgotten about Elinalize's request as well.

 I want to avoid pulling Cliff's leg as best as I can.

 "Taking a few more days, I ought to have made my own appointment if that was possible…"

 While walking and considering such things, I arrived at the courtyard.

 There are four courtyards in the headquarters.

 □ and ◇ that can be piled up at the time, it was the triangular part of the four corners.

 There seemed to be many trees planted to match the rhythm of the four seasons respectively.

 Spring is the present season, I reached the spring garden by coincidence as well.

 In the garden of spring, multicolored flowers were blooming in profusion.

 Particularly, yellow to white, bright shades of pink flowers are numerous.

 While observing that I proceeded to walk at ease.

 In the former days I used to check up the names of the flowers with the plant dictionary on one hand but I still can't figure out this strange plant at all.

 No wait, I recognize this pink flowering tree.

 Since it was a sakura-like name it remains in my memory.

 I heard about it from someone the other day too, what was it.

 "Look, the Saraku are in full bloom!"

 Right, right. It's Saraku.

 In the northern part of the Asura kingdom, inhabiting the trees on the mountainside.

 During the beginning of spring this plant makes pink colored flowers bloom, it's known as the 『Spring summoning tree』 in the Asura kingdom.

 It's also popular among nobles because of the unique aroma coming from its wood.

 But because it is a tree that inhabits the mountainside, it's expensive.

 Currently the Asura royal family has managed the cultivation of Saraku forest and have also exported to foreign countries.

 And I was taught all this by Ariel the other day, in the Asura kingdom.

 "Yes, it looks really beautiful!"

 "The Saraku really suits Miko-sama!"

 "Do you know? These Saraku were dispatched from the Asura Kingdom during the current Pope's enthronement…"

 "Oh, hah. Miko-sama is always so simple-minded."

 I heard the voice with a bad feeling.

 While thinking what was going on I tried to look in the direction of the voice.

 "Here, look look, it's like being inside a rain of Saraku!"

 "Miko-sama who is standing within those flower petals…looks like a fairy."

 "It's beautiful!"

 There stood the otaku princess.

 While fluttery dancing within the falling flower petals, a woman wearing a frill dress on herself just like a princess was going round and round with her palms facing upwards.

 It might be good to call her a young lady……since she is probably around 20 years old.

 Her looks are pretty but she is a little bit plump.

 Wendy also looked a little plump but her arms and legs were slender, this person has some thickness in places like her upper arm and thigh.

 Both of which gives off a feeling of poor health, Wendy has Calorie deficiency whereas this person lacks exercise.

 Men are swarming around such a woman.

 There are 7 men.

 A fitting number for an omen.

 Those men are affirming and giving high praise to the girl each time she says something.

 Thus, having such an ingratiating attitude.

 It might as well be good to call her an ordinary princess.

 It kind of looks like an otaku circle since there aren't any handsome men around.

 It's just some guys having a sense of intimacy with excited faces.

 They are all wearing blue cuirass(chest armor) which doesn't look otaku-like.

 "……Aare?"

 However, they are excited with a sense of intimacy but a sense of relief doesn't come forth at all.

 The atmosphere feels like a tingling sensation at the back of the neck.

 Blood thirst?

 No, it's natural.

 If you naturally think about it, that princess is the real deal or she is possibly an excellent person to follow.

 And, those guards as well, are not just simply otakus.

 Looking at their demeanor and muscle count, it's clear that they have a remarkable set of ability.

 They seem to be Advanced rank in sword play, almost to the extent of Saint class.

 And then, they might have finally noticed me.

 Just in case for today I prepared the Magic Armor 『Mk. II』 and wore it beneath my robe.

 It doesn't look like I have any weapon or a staff on me but the appearance is decently insecure.

 They might be vigilant.

 But, what is it.

 This feeling.

 Uneasiness, it's more like a noisy(zawazawa) feeling.

 I can't explain it well.

 This feeling of uneasiness.

 ……It's possible that one of them within the group is an apostle of Hitogami.

 Shall I try to investigate a little bit?

 No wait, think about it.

 Think about my 『Incident rate during the word 'Hitogami' getting out of my mouth』.

 Don't let the word Hitogami out of my mouth.

 I'll ask a very leading question……

 "Ara? You're an unfamiliar face. Are you entering the faith?"

 Puzzled over what to say, the other side ended up talking first.

 "Ah……"

 The young lady is looking this way with an innocent face.

 With her upturned eyes while linking her arms behind her back and leaning her front.

 The pose which breaks down all my reason when Sylphy does it.

 Roxy doesn't do this pose.

 If Eris does it, I won't be able to move about just like how a frog is stared down by a snake. A resolution to die will be necessary.

 "What is the matter?"

 Ah, what do I do. There's no time to think about such things.

 Um, um.

 I'm not entering the faith……um.

 Asking a very leading question about Hitogami, um.

 "Do you believe in god?"

 It was in an instant.

 In an instant three of them among the otaku unsheathed their swords and thrust at me.

 The remaining four brought the princess back and hid her behind them.

 This is no longer an otaku-like atmosphere.

 Right now it's an atmosphere of mercenaries in a battlefield.

 Their stagnant pupils are floating with a glaring stare.

 Scary.

 Dangerous, these guys are dangerous.

 I shouldn't have said something.

 No, I don't think I chipped them.

 "God exists."

 "Milis-sama itself is a God."

 "Why can't you comply with such an obvious thing?"

 "Could it be that you don't believe in Milis-sama?"

 "You don't believe in god?"

 "Infidel…?"

 "Heretic!"

 While the otakus said that with each of their mouths, those eyes were steadily becoming muddy.

 Not good, at this rate I'll be mistaken as a witch.

 "S-Sorry… I accidentally blurted out something strange while I was deep in thought… please forgive me."

 Let's apologize for now.

 That's right.

 Here is the Milis Church Headquarters.

 Milis is called as the place where only believers of god exists.

 At such a place, that thing is unheard of.

 I was a suspicious person.

 Please forgive me in someway or another.

 "Grave, what to do?"

 "It's fine for you to decide, Dust."

 "Then let's kill him. He's probably a heretic. He's strangely calm… that's not it either, he has sinned by indoctrinating such a ridiculous thing to Miko-sama."

 "Alright that's fine, let's kill him."

 An amazingly quick decision.

 Preparedness is a virtue.

 I would have hesitated if it was me.

 "No no, please wait, calm down, please listen to my story first…"

 If I act violently here, it'll become troublesome for Cliff, this beautiful garden will become awful as well.

 You don't want to see the Saraku tree blown off into small pieces. Right?

 Mutual crisis is not beneficial, you'll understand if we talk.

 Even though I believe that, my consciousness suddenly shifted.

 My foresight eye suddenly opened and showed me the moment the sword is thrust at me.

 I started pouring magic in my magic armor.

 I want to avoid battling but I don't have any hesitation since they didn't forgive me even though I apologized.

 I'm in a bad mood since yesterday.

 "…Are you seriously planning on doing that?"

 When I said that those guys suddenly shook and their eyes flared up.

 My foresight eye displayed the swelling up strength in their body and filling their limbs with power.

 Here it comes.

 "Wait!"

 A dignified voice reverberated.

 Only for a short while, it's a nostalgic voice.

 Whether that voice held some coercion power, those guys' powers were drawn out in an instant.

 "What are you doing!"

 One woman knight was approaching here.

 Her age is approximately in the middle of 30s.

 Wearing the same garments as the otakus, a blue chest armor.

 A harsh looking face that gives off a brave yet calm impression.

 However, that face is a face I recognize.

 "Captain, this heretic was inflicting danger to Miko-sama."

 One of the otakus nonchalantly said it.

 Don't tell a lie.

 "That's false accusations, I just wanted to see the Saraku…"

 "You be silent."

 While thrusting a sword at me one of them said that in a low voice.

 I think there is no reason for me to be silent.

 "Heretic…?"

 And then finally the knight woman looked towards me.

 "Ah!"

 And then finally noticed.

 With a broad smile on her face.

 "Rudeus! Is it Rudeus? Wow, it's been a long time!"

 Thus while looking at the swords thrust at me, she raised her voice.

 "Put down your swords, he is my nephew!"

 While the otakus put down their swords with a surprised face I closed my foresight eye.

 Part 6

 Therese Latreia.

 Zenith's younger sister and my aunt.

 The person who assisted me during my voyage from the Milis Continent to the Central Continent.

 It seems Therese is the leader of those guys.

 On her command, the otakus drew back their swords in a flash.

 For the time being they also apologized although it had a sense of reluctance.

 I again apologized for blurting out such a strange thing but they looked dissatisfied because of their killing intent towards the changed me.

 Now they just took the Princess at a distance and are on their guards.

 "Do you remember me? Did you forgot because we only met once?"

 "Of course I remember. You were really a great help concerning the voyage."

 Well, leaving those guys aside for now I started chatting with Therese.

 It's really nostalgic.

 "Nevertheless, I had heard the stories that you showed yourself at the head house but to think you would come to the headquarters as well. Ah, did you possibly come to meet me?"

 "No, an acquaintance of mine is willing to introduce me to the top brass……Therese-san, I see you came back here."

 Certainly, the last time we met I heard about her transfer to the West Port City.

 It's been 10 years since then.

 It wouldn't be strange if she had returned.

 "Ah, well, various things happened."

 Therese shrugged her shoulders with a wry smile.

 It's probably something hard to talk about.

 I won't pry into personal matters.

 But there was something else I wanted to hear about.

 "That story about me showing up at the head house, is it being circulated?"

 "Ah, it didn't seem like the quarrel with mother is."

 "Quarrel… that was a quarrel alright."

 "I also heard that mother made you angry. Anyway, it's like her. I guess she ordered you to do this and that?"

 "That's right! Please listen to me!"

 The aunt that I encountered after a long time.

 I thought for an instant whether she is an ally or not but my slippery mouth can't stop.

 Before I realized it, I ended up talking about everything that happened yesterday.

 As I thought, I still have much more anger left within me.

 Or seeing a face similar to Zenith with a bright smile on it, I might be feeling relief.

 "I wonder if they let this kind of thing be overlooked in this country?"

 "No, it's not possible no matter what… even if it's mother, that… I think she might be mistaken… but, well… Rudeus-kun, couldn't it have been something you said that angered mother? That woman, because she was told something unreasonable, she responded unreasonably in kind, tit-for-tat…"

 "…What about it. I wanted to endure it as much as possible and talk things through without getting angry."

 "Hmm."

 Therese crossed her arms for a little while and groaned with a gallant face.

 It wasn't even a tit-for-tat feeling.

 It felt like it was decided from the get go.

 "Well, if the next time you went to the head house listen to the matter very carefully. Mother is a bit stubborn but she's not a bad person. Most likely, it's a trifling misunderstanding."

 "……"

 Therese unceremoniously said so.

 Even if it's really a misunderstanding, myself getting angry was certain.

 I don't want to talk about mediating the relationship.

 It's been a while since I thought about something like not even socializing on the surface with a person.

 Well, if it's truly a misunderstanding, after I receive a sincere and faithful apology, I'll also apologize regarding the fact that I suddenly raged.

 "At any rate, Rudeus-kun has grown big! Ah, no, it would be better to say that you matured as a man… are you around 20 years old right now?"

 Therese changed the topic by effectively making use of her nature.

 I don't want to keep talking about Claire as well.

 "Yes, I'm already 22 years old."

 "I see! It's already been 10 years after all… ah, that's right, How is Eris-sama? Is she doing well? Since she has an amazing vitality!"

 Therese is in high spirits just like a child.

 The gallant behavior she had just some time ago is now nowhere to be found.

 That gallant face before had a close resemblance to Claire-baasan, but…

 No no, let's stop that.

 "Eris is healthy as well. Last year, she gave birth to a child."

 "Child…? Ah, I see, you two got married! Congratulations!"

 "Thank you very much."

 "Is she here as well?"

 "No, she is house-sitting in Sharia. Because of the child rearing."

 "I see I see, though it's a difficult matter, do your best by uniting the strengths from the both of you."

 Both of…

 Ah, that's right, this person is a Milis believer as well.

 It should be better if I keep the matter aside concerning me being married to three wives.

 Well, I'll be silent for now.

 I don't want to throw water on this long-awaited happy moment.

 "I see, marriage huh… that little Rudeus-kun and Eris-sama are now married… haa…"

 Or so I thought, but suddenly Therese has a dejected spirit.

 It seems the word called marriage is a NG word.

 Looking at this reaction, she is probably still unmarried.

 Or possibly divorced.

 Um, how old was this person again.

 Zenith being around 38 years old, since she is younger… somewhere around 35, perhaps.

 In this world people become adults at the age of 15, from there if you consider most people getting married until reaching the age of 20…

 Um.

 "Is your direction towards work going well?"

 It should be better to stop talking about marriage.

 "Uh? Ah! This and that happened but I returned back to being the Miko-sama's escort. For now, I manage those guys."

 Therese said that while glancing at the group.

 Among the group of seven, two of them are vigilant of this side and the remaining are reduced to following the princess.

 They are peaceful guys if you see it like this.

 "They are a scary bunch."

 "Ah… since an assassination attempt was incurred, the guys within the Temple Knight Party having particular high battle ability ended up becoming guards, it's appropriate for a short while, to have them en masse, sort of…"

 Previously, Therese stated that the Temple Knight Party is a gathering of fanatics.

 In that sense, it probably meant "seeming".

 From my faux pas to "let's kill him" was an instant change.

 It was formerly Orsted's way of doing things.

 "Well, they just have a little insistence on their doctrine, they aren't such bad guys… since everyone likes Miko-sama very much."

 That's scary.

 I get the concern for their belief in god but don't end up not looking around the surroundings because of that.

 Even the God of you all guys will be generous.

 "Say, Therese? Can I also join in the conversation?"

 That time, an abrupt voice came from the back.

 The otaku princess was peeking in this direction.

 It looked like the entourage behind her would unsheathe their swords anytime.

 "Just now, I heard the name called Eris, are you perhaps an acquaintance of that red-haired Eris-sama? That swordswoman?"

 She is the Miko, huh.

 They just call her Miko Miko but I wonder what her real name is. Is it Nurse.

 Let's try to ask… no, I'll give my name.

 I was called cheap when I gave my name to Claire before but saying your name like that is the courtesy of a warrior.

 "I'm late in my introduction. My name is Rudeus Greyrat.

 I have taken on the task of serving the 『Dragon God』 Orsted, the Sword King Eris Greyrat is my wife."

 Dragon God and Sword King.

 Hearing those two words increased the insecurity of the entourage.

 Reacting to the matter regarding Dragon God, as I thought an apostle is mixed within them.

 No but it's seven all in all, it might not be relevant.

 "Wow! Is that how it was! Eris-sama is the benefactor who saved my life 10 years ago!"

 If it's 10 years ago, then that means during the time I came to Milishion.

 Certainly, I also remember that story.

 The story of how Eris set out for Goblin extermination but ended up exterminating an assassination.

 "Can Eris-sama be seen here?"

 "Unfortunately no, because she has to look after the child she is house-sitting."

 "That's regrettable."

 When the princess displayed a sad expression the entirety of the circle's eyes hanged down.

 It's a little charming.

 These guys really do like her.

 But wait, even though I gave my name no name is coming back.

 I wonder if I can just call her Miko-sama.

 "But, in that case it will become something like… I was saved by 『Dragon God』 Orsted-sama."

 "What?"

 That is not related.

 Me and Eris as well, that time we didn't know about Orsted's full name.

 However, right now I'm a subordinate of Orsted, Eris accepts that and assists me.

 It can be said that Eris is Orsted's subordinate as well only just barely.

 About that thing, I wonder if Orsted coming to my help will become a thing.

 …Can't be.

 Let's stop telling lies that can be easily exposed.

 "No, at that time me and Eris as well were not acquainted with Orsted-sama.

 However, if Miko-sama were to bestow her sense of obligation,

 Then in the future, when Orsted-sama will be able to hold back his hostility he will gratefully receive it."

 "…? A person I haven't even met holds hostility?"

 "It's because Orsted-sama is cursed as such."

 When I said that the princess approached me looking at my eyes fixedly.

 Round and cute eyes exists within that plump face.

 Both eyes don't particularly differ each other in color.

 She probably doesn't have a demon eye.

 However, it came to me like an intuition.

 She is doing something.

 I can't understand what she is doing.

 I didn't seem to be fixed in place because of her, nor did I bear the feeling of being suffocated.

 But the feeling that she was doing something remained.

 "…It seems like you are telling the truth."

 For a short while, the princess nodded with a serious look.

 "Do you get it?"

 "Yes, I understand."

 While looking at Therese and the followers, their faces don't look like as if a miracle has happened.

 That means, this is this child's 『Ability as a Miko』.

 Similar to Zanoba's 『Superhuman strength and defensive power』…

 Ability to see through a lie just by eye contact…

 No, something like reading the thoughts of the other party.

 Or else, it might be a distinction.

 "…Is that your power?"

 "Yes, that's right."

 I wanted to hear the details but the entourage is scary.

 It's safe not to hear it.

 What to do.

 Orsted didn't said anything regarding this Miko.

 "Hee…"

 This is bad.

 I noticed that something happened, it feels like a dangerous sign has been put up in my direction.

 No matter what I heard, it feels like the entourage is ready to attack me anytime.

 But, it's also a waste to not hear it.

 I can't meet her again.

 I must ask her and hear it.

 "Suu… fuu…"

 Firstly a deep breath.

 "Miko-sama. Pardon my impoliteness, is it fine if I ask just one thing?"

 I'll take permission before inquiry.

 Such steps are important.

 Above that, it's not investigation and extraction, it's only just one question.

 "Yes, by all means."

 "Recently, does a person calling himself a god come out in your dreams and leave something like an oracle?"

 "No, recently, of course, and in the time until now, that has never happened. And surely, after this, I'd think it will remain impossible."

 The princess spoke flatly.

 Looking at me, listening to my words.

 Not until now, and not afterwards.

 For some reason I believe it.

 That means this is somehow related to her power.

 Possibly an ability to deny Hitogami to meet her.

 As I thought, "reading someone's mind", is it?

 Hitogami, even more than me, would likely be troubled by having a mind reader on hand.

 "Thank you very much."

 I drew out the energy from my shoulders.

 It's fine if she is not an enemy for now.

 Even if Miko-sama is lying, I'll believe for now.

 "Now it's my turn!"

 "…! Yes, by all means, anything."

 More than this what do you want to hear?

 If you can read minds then is it not necessary to hear?

 For now, it looks like that ability can't be usually invoked.

 It can't be invoked no matter what without direct eye-contact.

 Then the other person should just stop looking… or something like that?

 "Please inform me more regarding Eris-sama!"

 "…Yes."

 Such a thing.

 Well fine.

 Anyway, she's not an enemy, if she is not involved with Hitogami, isn't it fine to believe her.

 In addition, let's follow along about how good a guy President Orsted is.

 The company insurance even covers Mikopre-existing conditions.

 In the 80-years to come your peace of mind is guaranteed, when the accident occurs, the excellent staff of our company will help you.

 In addition, we are recruiting for excellent staff at any time…

 No, from now on when I want to become the back shield of the Pope, would it be bad if I appoint Miko's hand guards?

 "Rudeus! Rudeus, are you not here!"

 When I was considering what to do, a voice could be heard from far calling out to me.

 It's Cliff's voice.

 It seems like he finally obtained a license.

 "Ah… Forgive me Miko-sama. It's time."

 "Eeh! Seriously…"

 The princess lowered her eyebrows followed by the entourage's eyebrows hanging down as well and gives rise to my sin of bad habit.

 Amusing.

 And of great interest.

 Even I am a person who wants to talk a bit more.

 However, for now let's look forward to the future.

 "I'll be staying in this town for a while, so we'll talk again about Eris next time…"

 "It's a promise!"

 I bowed to the princess and entrusted a message to Therese.

 "With that Therese-san, if you are going to the head house, tell Claire that 「I'll carry the responsibility for my mother's problem so interference is futile」 please convey that for me… also, if the Fittoa Region Search Party needs collateral for their support, they will be paid in gold given the suggested amount of money."

 "…Got it, I'll convey that for now."

 "Please do."

 After bowing to Therese as well, also greeting the entourage with my eyes, I left from that place.

 Nevertheless, a miko.

 At first glance she looks like a burriko in the box.

 Possibly she was a otaku princess but I felt something that was not bottomless.

 Clearly, I said that she is not an enemy,

 it looked like she knew about Hitogami's circumstances.

 Let's keep at it and be vigilant.

 Ah, I forgot to ask her full name…

 Well it's fine.

 While I was thinking that, with the license now in my possession I moved towards Cliff's place.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
