Volume 21  5 — Playing Dumb

Volume 21 Chapter 5 - Playing Dumb

 

 Part 1

 We arrived at the adventurer district, after a mere ten minutes.

 Aisha's body was trembling, and she sank down to the ground.

 Her legs seem to have given out.

 Aisha might be weak to heights.

 My bad.

 "Oniichan, at least, travel on the ground…"

 A lot of my family and acquaintances seem to be bad with heights.

 Sylphy's also afraid of heights, and I'm not so good with them either.

 Only Eris seems to like high places.

 "I would have gotten into an accident running on the ground. Now, let's quickly find mother."

 "Uu… can't walk."

 "Don't worry, I can give you a piggyback ride."

 "No more jumping?"

 "No jumping."

 With Aisha settled on my back, we began the search.

 That said, the adventurer district is big.

 Where should we start…

 "Oniichan, we should check the taverns. It's dinnertime, we might find them eating somewhere."

 "Ah, that's right."

 In response to Aisha's advice, I began trotting down the street.

 We checked the taverns down the street, looking for Zenith or Gisu.

 Because it's dinnertime, the taverns are crowded.

 However, it's unnecessary to check every person one by one.

 By asking the tavern keepers, we can check quickly.

 A woman with a blank expression with a monkey-faced demon race man.

 They should stand out.

 Even this late, the adventurer district is still crowded.

 Adventurers were returning from requests with their spoils.

 Merchants were busy doing business with the adventurers.

 After work, the adventurers were flocking to eat.

 Tavern keepers were herding hungry adventurers into their bars.

 Occasionally the sounds of a fight between adventurers or mercenaries rang out.

 Probably because of the late hour, there are few carriages on the road.

 So the possibility of Zenith being run over as she's walking about is low.

 With that I feel a little relieved.

 "Monkey face? Ah, Gisu?

 That guy, doesn't he stay at the [Spring's Eve]?"

 We've already checked three inns.

 Gisu has been in this country for awhile.

 So just about everyone has seen him around.

 "Did you see him with a woman?"

 "A woman…? Hmm…?

 The clerk tilted his head.

 But, I'll know after I check.

 I asked the clerk for directions to [Spring's Eve].

 After tossing him a copper coin, we hurried to [Spring's Eve].

 I have a bad feeling.

 Part 2

 The [Spring's Eve] inn was on skid row.

 Prostitutes lined the streets, while men with vulgar expressions passed by.

 The red light district is probably nearby.

 This is Milishion, there shouldn't be such a thing…

 Even so, men were watching us with curiosity.

 A serene silence follows us, I wonder if we're floating.

 "Haha! Wha! What kind of play is that?"

 "Oniichan, it's embarrassing put me down!"

 Nope.

 They were staring at me piggybacking Aisha.

 I let Aisha down, and the stares stopped.

 [Spring's Eve]

 It has a normal front, but there's a lot of tough looking guys coming and going.

 Well, after coming to this world, I've become pretty tough as well.

 I can enter this kind of place without being afraid.

 Frankly, those guys at the Rudo-Mercenary office in Sharia are more intimidating.

 The idea that Zenith might be in such a place makes me anxious though.

 Gisu, what are you thinking…

 If, that guy playfully says something like he sold Zenith to a brothel, I won't forgive him.

 I'll have two fists waiting for him.

 "Ra~ssha~!"

 As we came through the entrance, we heard the hustle and bustle of the bartenders along with energetic voices.

 It's not a particularly bad atmosphere.

 It looks bad from the outside, but there's a bright atmosphere inside.

 As for the class of visitors, there aren't only bad looking guys, there are also a lot of ordinary adventurers.

 Immediately after confirming the room, I went to pull aside the nearest clerk--

 "But I was too clever for that, so I said [These three magic circles might be traps, what if there's another passage?]"

 There.

 Towards the back of the bar, a monkey-faced man, bragging proudly to a group of young adventurers.

 It felt like a familiar scene.

 There was one boy with spiked hair.

 The other boy had a nose piercing.

 And an honest-looking girl.

 Three people.

 Zenith isn't with them.

 I don't see Zenith anywhere around here.

 "Then, just as I suspected, we searched the floor, and there it was, the hidden passage to the boss room…"

 Gisu noticed me as I approached the table.

 He had an [Ah] face.

 "Gisu."

 "Y-, Yo senpai. I was just talking about you. You guys, this is [Quagmire]."

 Three people with frightened faces,

 Like girls, they cowered in their seats.

 What…

 What kind of reaction is that.

 Forget it.

 That kind of thing, there are more important things to hear.

 What first…

 Alright, first, I should determine if Hitogami is involved.

 "Gisu… that's bad luck. To become my enemy."

 "Haa? What?"

 "You've heard it, haven't you? A revelation, from that guy. Now that it's come to this, what to do…"

 "Whoa, dream? What?"

 I pointed my finger at Gisu's laughing monkey face and started pouring in mana.

 Stone cannon, high-speed rotation.

 I kept increasing the speed until a high pitched [Kyuuiin] sound could be heard, like a drill.

 The startled young adventurers started to get up.

 "Don't move."

 They instantly froze.

 Then, I met Gisu's eyes, and asked again.

 "What were you told, tell me everything. Tell me and I'll spare your life."

 "Oi, o-, oi seri-, seriously, st-, stop it… th-that's no good! I-, I don't know, I was bad, stop, don't bring it any closer!"

 I inched the tip of my finger towards Gisu's head.

 Then Gisu leapt up from his chair and prostrated himself on the spot.

 And, without an ounce of shame, began apologizing.

 "I-, I did something wrong! And for that I'm sorry! I have angered Rudeus! But I don't know what I did! Please tell me! I did something bad, I'm sorry! I am truly sorry!"

 What's this?

 This, this isn't what I expected.

 It left me dumbfounded.

 I guess he's not Hitogami's apostle…?

 I don't know.

 However, after all this… I feel like I'm the one who should apologize.

 "… What happened to mother?"

 "Ah?"

 Gisu raised his face with a puzzled look.

 He was red-faced and drunk, staring with a blank look of confusion.

 If this is an act, it's amazing.

 "My mother. Zenith."

 "…? No, after showing her around town, she was taken home?"

 "She didn't come back, that's why I'm here."

 I crossed my arms, and one of the boys let out a laugh.

 I looked over, and Aisha was in the same pose nodding.

 This isn't the time for jokes, it happened by chance.

 I gave the kid a scowl, and he stiffened up with a [Hii].

 "Eh… but… I definitely sent her home?"

 "How?"

 "We were near the edge of the adventurer district. Then, we met up with that guy from your house, and I entrusted Zenith to him."

 … What?

 I sent someone?

 My house?

 Cliff and I were at the at the religious headquarters.

 Aisha was out shopping, Wendy was at the house…

 No, that's not it.

 It's not MY house.

 "Was it, someone from the Latreia house…?"

 "Yeah yeah, I checked their coat of arms? Without a doubt, they were from the Latreia house."

 My heart's starting to race.

 The Latreia house, Zenith, was taken.

 Calm down, focus.

 First, Gisu took out Zenith.

 But why?

 "In the first place, why did you take mother out?"

 "Even if you ask why, I haven't seen Zenith and Senpai in such a long time, I just wanted to try talking for a bit…"

 He did it on a whim.

 Okay. That seems like the normal Gisu…

 No wait, that's strange.

 "You, why did you know where to find Cliff's house?"

 "I asked by the Latreia house first.

 Well, I didn't really want to go, but I thought it would be okay because of Senpai…

 Then, I heard you and Zenith were staying somewhere else, so I asked for directions."

 "I thought you hated entering the religious district?"

 "Yeah I don't like to go without a reason, but that doesn't mean I'd never go."

 Gisu's excuse was a little airy.

 Vague.

 Well he's been drinking, it's no wonder the story is confusing.

 "…"

 I get it.

 I understand what happened.

 In other words, the story was something like this.

 Yesterday, I left the Latreia house in a rage.

 But, we returned to Cliff's house on foot, so we could have been tailed.

 Careless, I never noticed, they must have found out where we were staying.

 The Latreia and Grimoire houses are in opposing factions.

 They probably wanted to 'save' Zenith, it's not hard to imagine.

 That said, it would be difficult for them to attack the Grimoire house.

 Their faction may have the upper hand, but a scandal like that could take them down.

 So, the Latreia house used Gisu.

 A man from a demon race who nonchalantly introduced himself as my friend.

 Normally, they would turn someone like that away.

 But, despite being part of the anti-demon race faction, they must have come up with a plan to use him.

 They used him to get Zenith outside the house.

 Gisu didn't immediately bring Zenith out, and they had to take into account any other escorts.

 However, there were no other escorts.

 I was out, and Aisha had left with bad timing.

 Those Latreia guys lucked out, and were able to smoothly secure Zenith.

 After all that, they'll probably just play dumb.

 As for Gisu?

 They'll probably pretend not to recognize him.

 They'll say something like [There's no way we would associate with a filthy demon race.]

 Zenith has been kidnapped, they must be holding her somewhere.

 She must have a caretaker or someone I can follow.

 "O-, oi, Senpai, what's wrong…?"

 "… Never mind that. You, when you went to the Latreia house, what did they say?"

 "Eh? Ah, something like Zenith would miss seeing her hometown since she just came back and that I should take her out…"

 It's not Gisu's fault then.

 He didn't know anything.

 He went to the Latreia house because I was the one who said I'd be staying there.

 He thought that was my house, and they answered his questions, so he had no reason to doubt them.

 In such a situation, it can't be helped that he became a puppet.

 It was my own carelessness.

 I should have checked on Zenith today.

 Because of that single mistake things had become like this.

 After all this, I wish I had stealthily taken Zenith out to see the town.

 Regrets are useless.

 I need to rescue Zenith.

 "Gisu… Actually--"

 After hearing the story from Gisu, I decided to ask for his cooperation.

 In this kind of situation, I'd like to have Gisu's support.

 Even so, this guy is also responsible.

 I don't think he's one of Hitogami's apostles.

 "… Seriously?"

 When I finished my explanation, Gisu had a bitter face.

 "I see, yeah, I thought it was a little weird. Senpai wasn't staying at the Latreia house… I thought Senpai was just… taking her out, something like that…"

 A discrepancy in information.

 A weakness was shown, and the opponent exploited it.

 But anyone could have made that mistake.

 It's time to save Zenith.

 "I understand. I want to cooperate."

 "Yeah."

 With Gisu, we decided to immediately go confront the Latreia house.

 Even though it might be useless.

 Part 3

 By the time we arrived at the Latreia house, the town had already fallen silent.

 Dinner has passed, it's evening, people are probably preparing to go to sleep.

 I intended to rush over here, but I had two passengers.

 There's no helping that it slowed me down.

 Aisha was half in tears muttering something like [Oniichan's a fibber.]

 "We're here."

 Now then, the Latreia house still had their lights on.

 But there was nobody at the gate.

 There's no doorbell either.

 I need to call someone over to let us in.

 Should I yell?

 … If I were a normal visitor, what would I do.

 No, if I were a normal visitor, I would probably turn around and leave.

 What do I care.

 "It's Rudeus! Get out here!"

 I let out a shout while I banged on the gate.

 I don't care about disturbing the neighbors.

 They may not think it's a great cause, but the justification is there.

 They abducted Zenith, they're in the wrong.

 But if the person who claimed to be from the Latreia house and took Zenith from Gisu was a fake, then Zenith really was kidnapped.

 Even though I intended to cut my ties with the Latreia house, this is their problem too.

 "…"

 There's no answer.

 I continued banging on the gate and shouting.

 The metal gate started to warp from being hit by the MK-II.

 "I want to have a chat about a matter concerning my mother!"

 Still no answer.

 Better yet I'll just break the gate.

 "This gate is going to break if you don't send someone out!"

 Nothing, they seem to have declined my offer, so I started packing mana into my right hand.

 It's a mistake if you think you can stop me with a gate of this caliber.

 "O-, oi Senpai wait! That's no good!"

 I was stopped.

 The blood seemed to be rushing to my head.

 But, we're in a rush.

 The other day, Claire was talking about marrying Zenith off to have kids.

 Find a partner, hold a wedding, decided a house, start a family…

 I guess that kind of thing would take time.

 And if I investigate the Latreia house, then sooner or later I'll find traces of Zenith.

 But there's one thing.

 If the only goal is making children, then presto.

 All you have to do is prepare a man and a woman, throw them in bed for half an hour, and it's done.

 There's the idea of [Fait Accompli] in this world too.

 When we find Zenith, it might already be too late, she might already be despondent.

 I don't think that old woman would do something like that to her own daughter.

 I want to hope so, but I have no idea what that old woman is thinking, wanting to marry off her invalid daughter.

 So we need to act quickly.

 But breaking down the gate might be hasty.

 Even one shot from my Stone Cannon would be loud enough to wake the neighborhood.

 I don't know about the laws in this country, but destroying the gate would probably be frowned upon.

 If people gather and call the guards… If we're labeled as criminals, it will only end up causing trouble for Cliff and the Pope.

 I need to think this through, I can't act rashly.

 "Alright. Then let's sneak in, I'll unlock the gate with earth magic--"

 "Sneak in? What are you going to do?"

 A voice from the other side of the gate.

 Before I had noticed, five men and women had gathered on the other side of the gate.

 Three soldiers, one butler.

 And, dressed in elegant attire, one old woman.

 "At this late hour, what business do you have with this family?"

 "…"

 Claire Latreia.

 I guess she heard me yelling.

 Or, did she prepare to meet me beforehand…

 "Claire-san… isn't your method a little too underhanded?"

 "What are you talking about?"

 "You used Gisu, to kidnap my mother."

 As I said that, Claire looked at Gisu and lowered her eyebrows.

 "Kidnapped? I know of no such thing."

 "Going senile, eh? I guess this was to be expected…"

 I winked at Gisu.

 He returned a nod, and signaled at one of the guards.

 "That guy. He came to pick her up."

 "…"

 He pointed at the guard.

 That guy quickly put on a befuddled expression and shrugged.

 He's trying to pretend he doesn't know.

 "In this house, I have strictly forbidden associating with demon races.

 Dealing with such such a filthy demon race, such a thing is impossible."

 Claire gave Gisu a cold stare and said it flatly.

 "If Zenith has been kidnapped, then we will send out a search party.

 Of course, this demon race may be lying,

 So I intend to hear his story in full detail…"

 "Ugh…"

 Gisu let out a groan and edged back.

 Then silence.

 Gisu is probably thinking that he might not survive tonight.

 If that happens, then I probably won't be able to find Zenith.

 I should make the first move.

 "Then, you, even after all this, intend to deny knowing my mother's whereabouts?"

 "We know no such thing. Even if there was, we would have no obligation to share such information with someone who has cut ties with this house."

 Saying one disagreeable thing after another, this old lady…

 Is it strategy?

 What's the point of provoking me?

 Perhaps, this fellow, could be one of Hitogami's apostles.

 I can't read Hitogami's intent…

 Possibly, she really might not know?

 If it comes down to that, has Gisu been telling lies?

 Why would Gisu lie?

 Well he is a liar, but he doesn't tell the kind of lies that get people hurt.

 "Claire-san…"

 "What is it, Rudeus-san. If you still believe I am lying, would you like to search my estate?"

 Claire let out a snort and sent me a cold look.

 She's certainly confident.

 She might have already moved Zenith to another location.

 "When you search and don't find anything, please leave it at that. After all, you don't have any relation to the Latreia house, now do you?"

 "…"

 I probably have a bitter expression.

 Even though this suspicious person is in front of me, I have no way to tell if she's speaking the truth.

 I need to keep talking, but words aren't coming out.

 I'm worried about Zenith.

 But, judging from this old woman's eyes, I don't feel like I can get Zenith's location.

 Rather, I could abduct Claire, and force the location out of her.

 No, that's no good, let's not.

 I have no evidence.

 Only Gisu's word.

 But, if it's true she was abducted by the Latreia house…

 Wait, wait, calm down.

 First of all, I need to focus on this conversation.

 I knew she would play dumb from the start.

 "Mother… what relationship does she have with the Latreia house…"

 "That child is my daughter. As her mother, I have a duty to take care of my daughter who has strayed from the path."

 "That! By marrying her off without considering her own will!?"

 "…"

 "I am Zenith's son. My father told me to [Protect my mother even if it costs my life]. I have a duty. Until I die, it is my responsibility to look after her. So please, return mother…"

 "……"

 Claire did not answer.

 But she averted her gaze like she was unable to bear looking at me.

 Why are you making such a face.

 What is she thinking?

 She's losing her composure.

 Even Therese didn't say she was a bad person.

 She's just difficult.

 That's right.

 Yeah.

 I have to endure it, I have to keep her talking, and figure out her intention…

 "The palace guards have arrived."

 It was different.

 Claire didn't avert her eyes.

 She was looking behind us, out into the street.

 There, guards, with lamps in hand, were running towards us.

 "That is enough, piling up accusations in such a place, will I have to report you?"

 I glared at Claire.

 I gave a cold glare to this stubborn old woman who wouldn't listen to a word I said.

 In my head, a vision of holding this old woman hostage and demanding she return Zenith flashed.

 This gate is virtually nothing to me.

 I could burst through the gate, hoist the old hag by the neck, and shout [Bring Zenith, NOW!] to those guys.

 It wouldn't even take two seconds.

 Only an instant.

 But, would that bring Zenith back?

 Looking at this old woman's cold-hearted face…

 The other day, I went on a rampage.

 From what I heard later, I blew away 6 or 7 guards.

 Now there are twice as many guards surrounding me, and probably more on their way.

 But, the only thing separating us is the gate.

 "… Even if I have to take you hostage, I will find Zenith."

 "Then do it. If you think that will bring Zenith back."

 Arrogant.

 Where does she get the courage to say that?

 She should understand, I won't hesitate to act violently.

 Don't you care about what happens to you?

 Why do such a thing?

 Sheet, I can't read her intent.

 Do you want me to go on a rampage…?

 In front of the palace guards?

 "Claire-san, could it be, you have been receiving divine revelations in your dreams?"

 "… Ha? Asking that so suddenly? Divine revelation?"

 Claire, for a moment, broke her cold expression.

 She had a blank face. Completely, without any idea.

 Gisu had a similar face earlier.

 This, no.

 She's not one of Hitogami's apostles.

 However, that expression only lasted for a moment.

 "… Hmph."

 She averted her gaze, and focused on the approaching palace guards.

 "Temple Knights [Bow Division] of the city guard! We heard reports of a loud noise, what has happened?"

 "These people--"

 "--I understand. We will withdraw for today."

 Saying that took my last ounce of reason.

 Part 4

 It's time to return.

 While feeling depressed, I walked down the street of the residential area.

 My thoughts are running in circles.

 I understand that I am not calm.

 It's hopeless, anger and frustration are consuming my thoughts.

 "…"

 I have no idea where Zenith is.

 But, after that exchange.

 In the face of that silent response.

 I am convinced.

 Claire took advantage of Gisu to kidnap Zenith.

 I have no doubt.

 Though I was also at fault… But without even coming to talk, to abduct her one-sidedly, feign ignorance, and then send me away…

 Damn…

 "That went badly… I'm no good in those types of situations."

 "No, Gisu. You're not bad. You were thinking of mother, and even went to the religious district for her, didn't you?"

 "A-, Ah…"

 Gisu isn't a bad guy.

 He was just used.

 Although I think the timing was too good.

 "Gisu… Mother, can you find her?"

 "It's possible, but it might not go well?"

 "I guess…"

 Gisu is a demon race.

 Just walking through the residential area, he attracts the eyes of passing soldiers.

 Searching the religious district would be next to impossible.

 I need to search for Zenith.

 "…"

 But, even indirectly, he can be useful.

 I don't care about the methods as long as we can find the place.

 I also have an idea.

 Rudeus Greyrat is the enemy of the anti-demon race faction starting today.

 Claire-baasan, you caused this.

 I'll do it…

 "Aisha, Gisu… This may be a little dangerous, but please help me."

 "Of course… Oniichan… what do we need to do?"

 Aisha asked in an uneasy voice.

 I calmly looked down at Aisha and said…

 "Kidnap the Shrine Maiden."

 Gisu lurched up.

 "Huh!? What kind of crazy stuff are you saying without warning!?"

 Then came up to me and grabbed me by the shoulders.

 "What the hell!"

 "The Latreia house has deep ties with the Temple Knights. The Temple Knights are part of the Cardinal faction. The Cardinal faction is led by the Shrine Maiden, shouldn't she have the most influence here? So she'll be the most effective hostage. With her, we can definitely get mother back…"

 I mean, using the Shrine Maiden in a hostage exchange is just an idea.

 If our opponents have resorted to kidnapping, then it would be suitable as revenge.

 "Yeah it might be effective, but think about the consequences! Even if Zenith is returned safely, the entire country of Milis could become your enemy!?"

 Milis doesn't matter.

 If it comes down to it I have Orsted's power and Ariel's authority.

 I can give up my activities in this country.

 Zenith is more important.

 Fighting against Hitogami is also important, but I won't let that stop me from protecting my family.

 "Senpai might be able to manage somehow, but I'm a demon race! I'll be killed just for knowing you!"

 Gisu sounds pitiful.

 Hearing the word 'killed' cooled my head a bit. I need to calm down.

 The Latreia house, as well as the Temple Knights, would certainly become my enemy, but everyone around me would also be put in danger.

 The army corp meeting at noon today was massive.

 I don't know what to do.

 The Pope won't take much heat, but Cliff would be targeted.

 Thinking back, Aisha and Zanoba were killed by knights from Milis in the future diary.

 In other words, if Milis becomes my enemy, I won't be safe even if I return to Sharia.

 Moreover, it would definitely turn into an obstacle later on.

 There are Milis followers all over the central continent.

 The mercenary company's activities may be hindered.

 Originally, I came here to become an ally of Milis.

 If they're still hostile when Laplace revives…

 That would definitely benefit Hitogami…

 No, Hitogami couldn't predict that I would kidnap the Shrine Maiden.

 This is just paranoia.

 In any case, kidnapping the Shrine Maiden, it's a bad move.

 No… Wait.

 Kidnapping the Shrine Maiden, didn't the Pope imply something like that.

 If it goes well, then I might be able to rescue Zenith while crushing the Latreia house and the Cardinal faction.

 I wouldn't mind siding with the Pope.

 Anyway, if I want to sell the Ruijerd dolls, it's unavoidable.

 Cliff should be able to understand.

 It's regrettable about Therese.

 Therese is the captain of the Shrine Maiden's escorts.

 I'll be repaying the kindness of the woman who helped me twice, 10 years ago and yesterday, with enmity.

 … Sheet.

 "Aisha, what do you think?"

 I should ask for Aisha's opinion.

 She was looking down with a serious and troubled face, but looked up at my words.

 "Kidnapping the Shrine Maiden, I think that's going too far."

 "I see."

 "This isn't like my Oniichan who's calm and composed all the time… I think."

 Your oniichan definitely isn't calm.

 But, well, I see what she means, just now, that definitely wasn't calm.

 If I don't calm down, it will be too easy to make errors in judgment.

 Yeah…

 Alright, calm down… I need to cam down and think.

 First of all, blaming everything on Hitogami right now might be over-thinking it.

 Thinking that guy is involved just leads to paranoia,

 This is a problem between me and the Latreia house.

 For now, that is.

 Although I think the possibility is low from her reaction, but it's possible Claire is trying to bait me into a conflict with the Cardinal faction…

 Anyway, I'm a man of the Pope's faction.

 Doing that kind of thing to a man from the Pope's faction would be effective.

 Claire's actions have had the opposite effect.

 In the present situation, even if I suspect Hitogami's involvement, my only option is to annihilate any potential apostles.

 This time, I can't just go around killing people,

 And, like I learned in Shirone, the suspicious guys probably won't appear before me.

 There's no use worrying over it.

 So, for the time being, I'll act without assuming Hitogami's involvement.

 "Alright. Kidnapping the Shrine Maiden is overkill. I'll stop."

 It's not necessary to take a hard line yet.

 I already have the Pope's backing.

 Even Therese was friendly today.

 If I speak with those two, I may be able to mediate a solution.

 Before resorting to force, there are other things to try.

 I went to the religious headquarters today for this kind of reason.

 Even if that stubborn old woman has some plan, and arranged some strange man for Zenith, there wasn't a feeling of fait accompli.

 Whatever the circumstances may be, kidnapping is just a means to an end, I need to put all of my actions to good use.

 If that's the case, I will not hesitate to reduce the Latreia house to a vacant lot… No, calm down. Use of force is a last resort.

 "I need to discuss this with various people. First of all, let's ask around. Someone should know about the Latreia house's movements."

 As I said that, Gisu and Aisha had a look of relief.

 With that answer, I seem to have been able to calm down.

 "But, just in case, Gisu I want you to search for mother's whereabouts. Searching may be difficult… If you'd like, you can employ someone to help. I have money."

 "Ah. Okay."

 "What about me? What should I do?"

 Aisha gripped her fist tightly and asked that while I was speaking to Gisu.

 She might feel responsible too.

 "… Well, Aisha, please keep looking for a suitable location for the mercenary branch."

 "EH!? What about Zenith-okaasan?"

 "Installing the communication lithograph and setting up a teleportation circle is an urgent priority. I need to consult with Orsted-sama about Hitogami's involvement."

 "Oh, I see… That's right. And then?"

 "Please assist Gisu in locating mother."

 "Okay!"

 Aisha nodded vigorously.

 It may be difficult for Gisu as a lone demon race, but with Aisha they should form a strong team.

 I have confidence in them.

 "… But, if mother is in a dangerous situation, I will move regardless of the consequences. So both of you, be prepared to leave at a moment's notice."

 "Ah."

 "Understood."

 They both gave a powerful nod.

 Tomorrow I'll visit the religious headquarters again.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
