Volume 21  12 — The Traitor Escaped

Volume 21 Chapter 12: The Traitor Escaped

 

 Part 1

 Gisu Nukadia.

 The last survivor of the race called Nuka tribe.

 Combat experience is weak.

 Has a specialty in other things.

 Even though he doesn't stick to using magic or sword he has continued being an adventurer; currently his rank is S-class.

 That was the man named Gisu known to Orsted.

 『…Until now, Gisu's movements never changed no matter what action I took. Therefore, I thought he was not an apostle.』

 Orsted.

 He came to understand how this world and people operated with his own actions,

 from there he somehow located apostles and the like.

 The history which he interferes with, the history which is not interfered with.

 While knowing all of it, Gisu's movement looked consistent in whichever loop he went back and forth.

 He lived as an adventurer and died as an adventurer.

 No matter what occurred around his surroundings, there weren't any odd movements at all.

 Orsted has a specialty in seeking out the hidden apostles of Hitogami.

 Just like Gisu, people not having high combat strength exists; those who are going to keep secretly watching are among those who have heard about the fight with Dragon God from Hitogami.

 They don't operate publicly and move just like shadows, they help a different apostle in need when necessary.

 Such apostles were all but killed by Orsted.

 Because his loop exists, it was easier to find and kill them.

 But Gisu was the only distinction.

 It was only Gisu, there was never a point where he was particularly dubious much less about him being Hitogami's apostle was not even suspected once.

 That guy couldn't take up action appropriate for an apostle of Hitogami no matter what.

 For example, even on the verge of getting killed, he didn't.

 『But that guy is an apostle in all of the patterns, he kept it hidden and stuck through it.』

 Regarding the loops until now,

 Gisu ????claiming himself as an apostle is a nonexistent event.

 Though suspected and killed before as well.

 But, even if he was about to die, even in the midst of getting killed, he never once admit as suc in his final moment.

 『And thus I, that the history that I was following was a delusion…that's why I couldn't win…』

 With the exchange of only that sentence, it could be seen that Orsted was downhearted.

 He didn't realize the possibility of Gisu being an apostle up till now.

 If it's Hitogami, he might not be able to hold back his laughter.

 That guy, if only he hadn't noticed Gisu then.

 Well, it might be that he didn't consider him as an important piece at first.

 『However, you've done well.』

 But, we can't imagine many of such apostles exist.

 At any rate, Orsted can loop in time but Hitogami can't.

 Even if he wants to create a similar apostle, it shouldn't go all too well.

 『That guy is Hitogami's trump card. Next time there won't be any.』

 Therefore, I think the possibility of Gisu being Hitogami's trump card, the final stronghold, is enough.

 The final apostle Hitogami was hiding.

 That's Gisu… Those words are still hard to grasp.

 Orsted thinks with this he has gained the upper hand.

 That might be.

 He has his loop in place.

 Even if he loses this time, it will be fine to just kill Gisu the next time.

 If that happens, he will once again be closer to victory.

 But, I am in dismay.

 Gisu is unpredictable.

 Someone capable of anything is the most terrifying foe to fight against.

 "I want to win in this loop."

 With butterflies in my chest, the reply that came back was 『this means that that guy doesn't have anymore tricks left.』

 Such a clumsy excuse I laughed a little bit.

 Part 2

 One month has passed since Gisu was detected as an apostle.

 I have been searching for Gisu ever since.

 The chivalric orders were mobilized and the Milis continent was searched.

 Both the Milis Church and Latreia House are also actively cooperating.

 Although the scope of investigation keeps expanding, he probably got away.

 Of course, it's not only just Milis.

 I immediately contacted the Dorudia tribe and asked them to put him on the wanted list in the Great Forest.

 I also informed Ariel to have him on the wanted list in the Asura Kingdom.

 I requested Roxy to circulate the demand in the Ranoa Kingdom.

 Although, it doesn't feel like he will be captured that easily with only that much.

 In the southern and north-eastern part of the Central Continent.

 Begaritt Continent, Demon Continent, Heaven Continent.

 Many places where my hands cannot reach, the world is vast.

 It's also not known in which direction he escaped to.

 Is it the north or the west?

 If only I had some influence in the Kingdom of the Dragon King, but if it was concluded that he escaped in the direction of the Demon Continent…

 With the death of the king the Kingdom of the Dragon King is facing various difficulties.

 The Demon tribe is inconspicuous in the vast Demon continent.

 If Gisu is moving while using the Teleportation Circles behind my back, the possibility that it's neither of the two also exists.

 Gisu at large.

 Nothing but unpleasant premonitions.

 Honestly, arresting him had to happen at this timing.

 I considered self-defense when I realized that he can't be caught.

 He said this time would be fair and square in his letter.

 With the war potential to be able to defeat me.

 It's an unbelievable story.

 Gisu's words are filled with lies and deception. How can I believe it.

 Or so I usually think, but…

 If I try to consider it, Gisu should have been easily able to kill me this time.

 Since I trusted him and also showed him my defenseless back.

 But that guy didn't mess around.

 To the bitter end he screwed me around in his trap with his ingenuity.

 It's true that the trap was destroyed afterwards.

 The fact that Gisu could have kidnapped Aisha was also true.

 Since she is average in her usage of sword styles and magic, he might have determined it as impossible.

 Even so he should have gotten a chance, but he didn't do it.

 Then isn't it fine to believe in the contents of the letter.

 Despite the instructions of Hitogami, it may be that it is Gisu's way of doing things to be dignified to the last.

 It will be a failure if a perfect measure is not chosen when it's time to kill someone.

 It's a jinx.

 Although it lets you believe something like that but in reality it's the opposite.

 While hiding in a closet in Cliff's residence with a poison knife in his hands, while I am asleep and then shluk, such a possibility also exists.

 It might be his goal to make me not notice something by trapping me in a maze of such thoughts.

 It can't be helped even if I think about it.

 For now, we were not attacked.

 It's not that Gisu had assembled his war potential in advance.

 Right about now, he might be assembling the war potential capable of defeating me.

 That's what I would like to think but I don't know when we will be attacked, that feeling doesn't disappear.

 Scary.

 Part 3

 Now then, while I was searching for Gisu, Aisha had steadily formed a branch of Mercenary Group.

 Selection of branch chief, recruiting group members, establishing the direction of the work.

 Originally it was something that couldn't be done unless I was consulted with but Aisha did all of it herself.

 The Latreias who are taking care of Zenith was helpful, neverless it was impressive work.

 That Aisha thought of everything.

 Approximately one month has passed after Gisu's disappearance.

 Eris came here to the Holy Kingdom of Milis by request.

 She came via the Teleport Circle to protect me.

 She came fully armed.

 Not in casual wear but two swords attached to outfit worth of a Sword King.

 With an appearance to be identified as a notorious swordswoman when anyone looked, with a dignified look she came over.

 "Now that I've come, it's alright! I'll have everyone split in two!"

 As encouragement Eris said that to me.

 "That Gisu is an idiot, huh! To go against Rudeus! Despite saying 'I'm no match for Senpai, I'm no match for Senpai!' all the time."

 While watching the cheerfully declaring Eris, my fear faded slightly.

 At least, if the fight will occur in a few days, I don't think I'll be killed.

 Or so I thought.

 "Eris…"

 The relieved me hugged Eris.

 As I was rubbing her chest, I was beaten to death.

 Within my fading consciousness, I understood.

 That this was Gisu's strategy all along.

 -FIN-

 Part 4

 Setting the joke aside.

 I'll try to sort this out in a calm place.

 Firstly, from the state of affairs 『Gisu will appear from right in front after assembling his war potential』 if we're to believe such a case, then from now on I have three courses of action.

 Search for Gisu.

 Strengthen the magic armor(myself).

 Scout opposition war potential.

 If I try to line it up, those things have not changed for the present.

 Rather than focusing on the war potential 80 years later, the focus has just changed around several years later.

 But, Gisu is not an ordinary guy.

 Even if he calls it fair and square from right in front, it's not clear in what kind of form will it come.

 Will he come with quantity or quality.

 According to Orsted, the number that can defeat me with Mk.1 are few.

 But, I experienced the violence in numbers just the other day.

 Temple Knight Party are able to fight like that, there are several people with the talent of being a major world power class.

 If such a thing can be prepared, at least my victory will be simple.

 Just kidding.

 However, assembling such talented people should take time.

 And the amount is also not that much.

 One year, two years.

 It should be fine to look at it take around that much time at the least.

 But, if the assembly is finished, I think I'll be defeated.

 It's not like I won't be defeated by getting caught by such a trap that was prepared scrupulously taking several years.

 Temple Knight Party was able to do just that after all.

 I can't imagine Hitogami's apostles not being able to do more than that.

 That's why, I consider obstructing it beforehand.

 Go around each nation of the world to forestall the increase of their comrades.

 If an opponent shows, it's fine to crush each one of them.

 In short, the business hereafter, I have to move with the possibility that everyone is an enemy.

 At least, the possibility of Gisu residing in the Kingdom of the Dragon King and Demon Continent is high.

 Particularly, the probability of the Demon Continent seems to be high.

 Such as Atofe, it seems like she will delightfully lend her strength when she hears about defeating me.

 Demon Continent was scheduled last but I must go there as soon as possible still.

 But, as order of preference goes, Kingdom of Dragon King should be good first.

 There lives God of Death Randolf who won against me wearing the 『Mk. II』.

 He's a reliable chess piece.

 I want to control it first.

 The course of action was decided.

 The Mercenary Group is not on track yet but I have the support of the Latreia and the Religious Organization.

 With patronage of those two, it should be able to at least sustain itself.

 I was able to do the bare minimum.

 For once, let's return to headquarters(Sharia).

 From there, concerning the movement hereafter, move closer to Orsted once again.

 But, before that I intend to go to various places and address them.

 Part 5

 I proceeded to go towards the Latreia House, while introducing Eris I announced my repatriation.

 "Is that so."

 Claire did not express her disapproval of Eris' lack of manners.

 She might be abiding by our agreement.

 But she does show signs of regret.

 "And I expect you would be taking Zenith with you as well?"

 "Yes, I will carry the duty and look after her."

 "I understand."

 Zenith has been looked after by the Latreia for this one month.

 Since then Zenith has been looked after by the Latreia House in place of the busy me and Aisha.

 It could be called that she missed the Latreia house since she frequently moved around there.

 Strolling within the residence grounds, revolving around the garden.

 Whenever there is the case of accompanying her with the housemaid she tries to leave to walk outside.

 As usual, she remained in her blank state but I understood that she was fully enjoying her hometown after such a long time.

 Looking at her, all the gentlemen and ladies of the Latreia house made a really sorrowful looking face.

 Eldest son Edgar, eldest daughter Anise………because of Gisu, I wasn't able to greet them.

 But, for the time being, "The next time I come back I will definitely greet them" and entrusted this message.

 "Finally, I just regret not being able to see Norn's face."

 "I'll come again and bring Norn and my children as well."

 There were some twists and turns but…

 Claire is not a bad person.

 She is unpleasant but she is not evil.

 Introducing her to my wives and children shouldn't be a problem.

 This time for sure I'll get it over with just greetings.

 "No, most likely at my age, it won't be strange even if this is the last parting of this life."

 Last parting of this life.

 Her age has already crossed over 60.

 I don't know about this world's average lifespan but her able-body still has some ways to go.

 But, the round trip from Sharia ranges approximately 4 years.

 It's not a close distance.

 And it's not like I would immediately return back after arriving, the next meeting might be slightly more than 10 years.

 Claire will be about more than 70 around that time.

 No matter what happens, there is nothing strange about aging.

 Or so you would think.

 It would be fine to just use the Teleport Circles but.

 But I don't know what would happen if knowledge of Teleport Circles become public.

 Since it's a taboo in this world for now.

 In Asura Kingdom, in the Kingdom of the Dragon King and perhaps even in the royal family of Milis, it might be that they have installed it to make use of it just in case.

 But, it might be that the 3 large world nations are hiding them.

 "Rudeus-sama. For taking Zenith and bringing her here. I truly thank you very much."

 While saying that Claire lowered her head.

 It seems just the other day she got on the carriage together with Zenith and went to watch something like a drama.

 Claire had a frown the entire time but the maid said that she hasn't seen Oku-sama being this happy for the longest time.

 "In the near future, I will come again."

 When I realized I had already said those words.

 "But……"

 "I'll definitely come."

 Wit my chest out I said confidently.

 Claire relaxed in response.

 "Zenith possesses a truly good son."

 Claire said that in the end.

 Part 6

 I also went to Miko's place to greet her.

 I have two souvenirs.

 A bracelet that is similar to mine and a scroll to summon a magical beast that came from Orsted.

 This bracelet was made by a craftsmen of Milis who was requested by Aisha within this one month.

 Normally a jewel is fixed in the pedestal but a stone is embedded into it.

 The stone that I crafted with Earth Magic with a black lustre and the crest of the Dragon God is carved into it.

 Anyone who sees it, will be understood as a subordinate of the Dragon God.

 While holding such things when I called out for the Miko, her entourage came out.

 Within them Therese's figure was also there.

 She had evaded a relegation.

 The petition in which my name was written seemed to be useful.

 Well, it was a demotion instead of relegation, and she was not a captain anymore. 

 Under the captain that has been newly dispatched, she was settled down under the sub-captain position.

 By the way, the new captain was not a very flexible person.

 Bracelets aside, such a questionable thing like summoning magic being used within the Religious Organization was rejected as blasphemous.

 I persisted, "This is a gift towards the Miko from Dragon God Orsted-sama's subordinate(Rudeus) to defend her! How does a mere captain have the authority to deny it!!" Until he was forced to relent.

 Mr. Captain, such stubbornness would lead to a difficult career.

 The animal that came out of the scroll was a silver colored owl.

 Probably around 1 meter long.

 It's small compared to Leo but it's existence is still there, with golden colored pupils it felt like divinity.

 No one came out from Pergius's spirit series.

 Those are ultra rare so they would probably not come.

 This time it's gonna be dedicated to Miko so the pack would also be different.

 In any case, it was nice that a sacred beast-like animal came out.

 It could be that Mr. Captain would have been persistent in denying it on the spot if a thing like a huge spider with a black lustre had come out.

 "I'll take care of it!"

 Miko's eyes were sparking while looking at the owl.

 When she stretched her hand to stroke it, the owl's eyes narrowed while feeling good.

 The animal became emotionally attached to her immediately after it had been summoned, it looks like the Miko is very much honored with this summon.

 "Well, please take care of it."

 It's not a pet.

 Please, let it properly protect you.

 "Well then, till next time."

 "Yes, Rudeus-sama too, be in good health!"

 Finally, I also bowed to the below mentioned Therese, 『Defense of the Holy Sepulcher (Anastasia Keep)』.

 I will meet both of them once again.

 Part 7

 Finally, it's Cliff.

 If it's about Cliff, everything is going the favorable way for him from the start.

 The incident the other day made Cliff well-known to both the parties of Pope's and Cardinal's.

 "Cliff Grimoire persuaded the right hand of the Dragon God, Rudeus and rescued the Miko-sama."

 "He talked about the justice within the quarrel between the Pope and Cardinal and made way for the path of righteousness."

 "A model believer of Milis. A splendid man."

 How the rumors were plausibly flowing.

 The rumor has an interesting origin.

 According to what I heard, it seems like the great commander of the Temple Knight party and the sub-captain of the Order of the Church or such spread the rumor.

 Therefore underling of knights and priests seem to have recognized that as a credible source that for some reason the Pope got an amazing right-hand man.

 And then, driven by such rumors, Cliff seems to have given significant work as result.

 Officiating for weddings of great nobility and such.

 No matter how much political strife exists the duty of a priest doesn't change.

 And then, it can be said that Cliff also gained practical experience in Sharia some way or another.

 Even though he is a rookie the things that he can do are numerous, it looks like he is viewed as an exceedingly superior man of talent.

 Such a person like him is considered a nuisance by other people but……

 Well, it can't possibly be helped.

 Suddenly an excellent person has entered not to mention the grandchild of the Pope.

 It won't be strange even if there are people burning with the flames of jealousy.

 Dealing with that in some way is Cliff's duty.

 Even so there is no need to worry in surplus.

 If it's the present Cliff.

 That Cliff.

 He will display a splendid overtake even if something happens.

 But, there is only one concern.

 "Then, Cliff-senpai. I'll be returning temporarily."

 "Ah…take care of Lize for me." 

 "Of course. I'll make sure not to flirt."

 It seems Cliff has not yet confided to anybody about him being married.

 Although he has declared her to be her partner in his mind……

 It's not like Cliff.

 However, I can understand that proclaiming that he's married to Elinalize is difficult.

 The rumor of Elinalize The B*tch are widespread even among the adventurers at this side.

 Particularly, there are still veterans still activd that had their virginity snatched by.

 Talk of such marriage……it should be fine to not mention it yet.

 Its fine to announce once he becomes influential enough to brush away such rumor.

 At any rate.

 It's not like he would consider hiding it until his last breath.

 But, from now on, it's possible that the talk about formal marriage can come up in this case.

 Even if it's Wendy, the maid who returns after night falls, a young man and woman under one roof is…

 No, it's alright.

 It's Cliff after all.

 I'm not worried.

 That person who preaches with such pride, it shouldn't be possible for him to have an affair.

 Right, he's not me.

 If I were to bring this up, it might accidentally raise the flag instead.

 So give it your all, Cliff-senpai.

 "Cliff-senpai as well, make sure not to flirt repeatedly. Milis-sama is watching."

 "I can't possibly do that. I don't have time to spare for such things."

 Cliff has been really busy these days.

 Work is on track, furthermore people have started acknowledging him as the Pope's right arm.

 To see his worth influential people and nobles are also approaching Cliff.

 "Is it really? Since senpai has been popular these days. If you were to accidentally push down Wendy-chan or the like."

 "Wendy is like a little sister to me. If it was about you, would you meddle like that."

 Even I don't meddle with my little sister!

 You're being impolite.

 When I made a face and became disappointed, Cliff dropped his glance with a sigh.

 "Nevertheless……I really wanted to perform with only my own power but."

 I replied with a laugh.

 "If this was not Cliff-senpai's own power then just what was it?"

 "Haha."

 I intended to say it in style but I was nose laughed.

 Certainly, Cliff brought me along and he settled the problems I created for him.

 It feels like it took the form of a match pump.

 However, taking appropriate action by himself within such a thing, Cliff was recognized for that.

 It's absolutely because of Cliff's strength.

 "……Regardless, I give you my thanks. I think it was because of you that I was recognized a little bit."

 "It should be me who should say that, because of you I got acquainted with Milis. I was able to establish the way of Mercenary group as well."

 About the marketing of Ruijerd's dolls……might be a little difficult for now.

 It seems if we proceed to make progress in marketing now only a few people would buy it.

 The Mercenary group is not yet stable and there are still numerous problems left but……

 Whatever, if a problem occurs, even so it would be fine to add it to Cliff's promotion.

 "From this point on, I'll do it alone."

 "Right, please give it your all."

 The plans have changed a little bit but I should have been able to carry out Elinalize's promise.

 Cliff is already safe.

 I don't know in what form the other priests will come into contact.

 However, it will not be an exaggeration to say that the start has been decided well.

 This time, I'll leave it to Cliff.

 The fight between the Pope's faction and the Cardinal's faction still has some way to go.

 Within them, Cliff will try his best, I wish for him to raise results.

 Well, if it doesn't work out, it will be fine to make him our company employee after he returns.

 I want you to be at ease.

 "In this one month, forgive me for not helping you out……"

 "No, please don't mind it."

 My fight is my own, Cliff has his own fight.

 "However, if Hitogami's underlings try to do something, please message me at once through the lithograph. I will immediately come running."

 "But of course."

 Cliff gave a strong nod.

 Even if he wasn't able to assist me he is still my comrade.

 But, he should not be that weak if he is going to need my protection.

 "Well then, Cliff-senpai, be in good health."

 "Ah, you too be in good health."

 "Or so we say, but we might be able to meet again after about a year."

 "I want to be able to introduce Lize almost magnificently by that time."

 Right right, there is the matter concerning Elinalize's curse.

 It's not like we're parting for a very long time.

 "…And then, you should be able to at least stop calling me senpai."

 "Well, that has already become a habit, I think it's impossible to do that within my entire life."

 When I said that, Cliff shrugged his shoulders and wore a bitter smile.

 ---

 Thus, the battle in Milis was over.

 The conflict of the Latreia house, the internal dispute of the Mills Religious Organization.

 And Gisu's betrayal……

 Various things happened but, once again thanks to everyone my objective has been decided.

 The next enemy is Gisu.

 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

 Volume 21 - Young Man Period - Cliff Chapter

 -The End-

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
