Volume 22  2 — Fierce Battle, Demon Lord Atofe

Volume 22 Chapter 2: Fierce Battle, Demon Lord Atofe

 

 Summary up to the previous time-

 The battle with Atofe began.

 Part 1

 "I am the Immortal Demon Lord Atoferatofe Ryback!

 I'll bestow you with the title of hero if you can defeat me.

 If you lose, I'll make you my puppet and use you until your last breath!"

 Spreading an overwhelming killing intent was Atofe.

 Moreover, the one who was opposing her was the figure of a hero.

 "Sword King Eris Greyrat!"

 Eris held one of the Sword God's Seven Swords 『Phoenix Elegant Dragon Sword』 above her head and confronted Atofe.

 "Sword God Style, huh!"

 She happily unsheathed her sword without separating eye-contact from Eris.

 "I'll tell you beforehand, the Sword of Light is ineffective against me."

 "……"

 Eris isn't agitated by Atofe's words.

 Even she knows that.

 She has heard about the Legend of the Immortal Demon Lord.

 Immortal Demon Lord Atofe can never be defeated.

 She doesn't have any technique.

 Her sword is dull and slow.

 She just can't die.

 No matter how many attacks she takes, no matter how many fatal wounds she sustains, she won't die.

 She will rise even after receiving any type of attack.

 And then gain victory at the end.

 That is the Immortal Demon Lord Atofe.

 There are only less than 10 veterans, including one of the Three Heroes' Demon Slayer, who were able to oppose her during Laplace's military campaign.

 Feared as the symbol of dread, the only one who was said to have solely defeated her was the North God Kalmann.

 Eris is having an insight.

 She is thinking, 'Can I defeat that Demon Lord in front of my eyes with my strength alone?'

 Nay.

 It's impossible with just one person.

 Exaltation can be felt for challenging a legendary being, but she doesn't hold any techniques to defeat Atofe.

 However there is no need to lament over that.

 Even if she doesn't have a playing hand, there is a person who already has one.

 Since the arrangement of that situation has already ended in advance before coming here.

 "……"

 "Hey, say something."

 Eris doesn't talk.

 "Well, there was a fellow like you who concentrated all the nerves and fired an extremely powerful blow……"

 "……"

 "Fufu, I remember it since I have good memory.

 Although that blow never did reach me and I smashed that person with my fist like a frog."

 Atofe might have recalled about that time.

 She glared at Eris while a wicked smile 'kukukuku' rose to her face.

 "How about it? Eris Greyrat.

 It's a once in a lifetime gamble.

 Would you expose ungratefulness in front of your trusting comrades……or is it honor?"

 "………"

 "My neck is right here. If you take my head back home, you will be regarded as a hero of the Human Race and leave your name in history for eternity."

 Striking her neck with a 'tonton' is Atofe.

 With an expression that is overflowing with self-confidence.

 'This woman won't be able to kill me.'

 That sort of self-confidence.

 The surrounding Imperial Guards are sighing.

 'Ah, Atofe-sama is getting negligent again!' and sighing.

 Nevertheless, against heroes, letting them get one attack in is an unavoidable disposition for the race of the Immortal Demon Lords.

 "Not really, I don't want something like honor or anything."

 Eris said clearly.

 "But I'll slice off your head."

 "Well said! Eris Greyrat! Now, come!"

 Atofe's shout reverberates.

 The evening sun falls behind the mountains, the surroundings are wrapped up in slight darkness, and the violet flame lighted on the candlestick shines upon the two people.

 Atofe's eyes that glitter with burning fire.

 Eris's eyes that are undauntedly staring back.

 The gazes of the two cross and their killing intent collides together.

 A critical situation of two people.

 "Ah……"

 However, the Imperial Guards weren't watching the two of them that time.

 They were looking behind Eris.

 There stood a giant.

 A stone giant was standing within the slight darkness having a height of 3 meters.

 Where the hell did it came from?

 Is it summoning magic?

 No, there are no traces of how it was done.

 Furthermore, a blue-haired magician is standing separated several steps from that giant.

 As if to say it's a success, the giant suddenly grips its hand and looks up from behind.

 "Ah~…"

 The reason Eris of the Sword God Style, possessor of a seemingly rough disposition, didn't attack-

 A person who was standing within the Imperial Guards understood it and let out a voice of admiration.

 The reason is that while Eris was stalling for time, Rudeus was busy in preparation.

 He summoned the Magic Armor 『MK. I』.

 "Oh……Ooohhh……"

 The shadow standing behind Eris.

 Atofe groaned, looking up at it.

 There is a remembrance.

 That armor. Even before Laplace's military campaign, during the Second Great Human-Demon War.

 She remembers seeing it before it was sealed.

 Its form is slightly different.

 Its color is slightly different.

 However, those are trivial things.

 Like hell are there many instances of this sort of armor in this world that can be collected!

 "Fighting God Armor……!"

 Atofe was looking up dumbfounded and muttering----.

 "GAAAAAAAaaaaaa!!!!"

 Eris attacked.

 ---

 Rudeus's Point of View

 ---

 Eris's sword took flight.

 Straight towards the left nape of Atofe's neck, who was looking up at the Magic Armor. With the shortest distance.

 The Demon sword that transformed into a long straight beam of silver light glides towards Atofe's nape while keeping the overwhelming power of bloodshed as it is.

 And without change goes through---

 "Su!?"

 It stopped.

 The sword came to a halt midway through Atofe's neck.

 "……"

 Atofe's sword was sticking into Eris' right shoulder very deeply.

 Eris' right arm lost movement with just that.

 It didn't stop.

 It was stopped.

 By a thrust of the sword into the gap of bone and bone like a support rod, though expressed as the strongest sword technique, Longsword of Light was stopped.

 "GAAAAAaaaaa!"

 Eris gave up on her right arm in an instant.

 Using only her left hand, she swung the sword.

 By all rights, something like a neck is severed in just one strike of the Longsword of Light.

 But the power is halved if it's dealt with just one hand.

 Only 1/3rd of Atofe's head was left while adhered to her torso as it is.

 That would naturally result in death.

 But the enemy is Atofe.

 The Immortal Demon Lord Atoferatofe.

 "SRRaa!"

 Atofe, who was looking like a half-corpse, kicked Eris in the air.

 Roxy caught from behind Eris, who was blown off with an unpleasant 'begon'.

 Eris continued to look towards Atofe with ferocious eyes while the top of her shoulder was gushing out blood.

 Her turn was up till now.

 "oooOOHHHH!"

 Atofe turned towards me while raising her roar.

 She prepared her sword as if to defend and took up a forward-bent posture.

 And thrust her sword into me as I was preparing the Gatling Gun.

 Since Eris was blown off, I started shooting in a straight line.

 "『Shoot it thorugh』!"

 A rain of rock cannonballs poured down.

 First step. Atofe's armor was smashed into several small pieces.

 Second step. Atofe's shoulder was torn to pieces and the sword danced in midair.

 Third step. Atofe's upper half of the body that became full of holes was blown off and separated from her lower half.

 There isn't a fourth step.

 The lower half of her body, now without the upper half, while waning and shaking violently, fell.

 This spectacle is bad for the heart.

 Since she is the Immortal Demon Lord, blood isn't coming out, but if blood had spurted out, I might probably feel sick.

 I can't get used to becoming a murderer.

 There is no way I can get used to it.

 I was able to do it because I knew that she wouldn't die even if I fired the Gatling Gun from such close range.

 That's right.

 She won't die, right? Even though things may appear this way.

 "Did we do it?"

 Roxy inquired while applying Healing Magic to Eris and anxiously surveying the Imperial Guards.

 Until Atofe gives the order, they won't attack.

 Everyone, there is no need to worry about Atofe.

 I have absolute faith towards the proprietress of immortality.

 "Not yet."

 I replied while being vigilant.

 "Is it our turn after this?"

 "No, that's unreasonable."

 "Look at the floor. Hasn't the black weekday steel been gouged out?"

 "Even that armor doesn't make any sense. What's that magic……"

 "Before when he fought Atofe-sama, that guy used a rock shell with amazing power. It's probably that."

 "Ah, I see. So it's a rapid firing rock shell."

 "Which means, apart from the armor, that staff(?) might be a magic tool."

 I am getting analyzed for some reason.

 What a careless bunch.

 But they probably know that Atofe won't die from just that.

 Atofe revives.

 The scattered pieces of flesh draw near towards the large piece of meat.

 Little by little, those pieces combine and start returning to their former size.

 I guess it returns back by itself even if you pull out the hair, unlike a certain parasitic creature……

 It also feels like a life force that will regenerate from a small piece of meat by cell division even if the pieces of meat don't entirely return back.

 Such a creature can wear armor on its body and even use martial arts.

 She'd obviously be powerful……

 Atofe returned back to her previous form as I was thinking that.

 However, as a result of blowing her full of holes, her upper half is naked.

 I ended up seeing the muscles more forged than Eris’s and large breasts not inferior to Eris's.

 Is there any significance in forging those muscles even though she is such a creature……?

 There probably is.

 Rather, the matter of forging them becomes even more meaningful to her than it is to humans if you consider that the cells won't die.

 Very interesting.

 "Do you still want more?"

 After the regeneration finishes, I ask the now unarmed Atofe.

 With the resolution to fight.

 However, it's not like opposition won't come if it comes to fighting seriously.

 Moore, who is looking from behind, will be deemed as a hostile opponent if we have to erase Atofe here in all seriousness.

 He will commence the attack by leading the Imperial Guards when he judges us as hostile.

 Or so I've heard from Orsted.

 We've also more or less come up with a plan if it comes to that, but……

 Well, it's better to satisfy Atofe by knocking her down many times over.

 I don't know how many times I will have to face her, but I'll keep her company until my magic supply is exhausted.

 "Don't want it!"

 Or so I thought, but Atofe shouted.

 Thereupon, Moore rushed over and put a cloak on her.

 "I'll immediately go and pick up a change of armor, so…"

 "Humph!"

 Atofe sat down on the ground with a 'plunk' and crossed her legs.

 She doesn't intend to fight.

 But she's looking at me, seemingly annoyed.

 That's really unexpected.

 I certainly thought that she would be rushing towards us like a wild boar while reviving.

 Or give the order to her surroundings and siege us.

 "……"

 She was disregarding Eris, who was standing next to me and setting up her sword.

 Roxy, who was preparing the staff was also standing behind oblique to me, but I guess there is no need for her turn.

 "……"

 Atofe is fixedly staring at me.

 Silently and motionlessly for a short while.

 "Moore, do you remember?"

 And said that with a sigh.

 "No, during the Human-Demon War, I was still…"

 "That's right. That's how it was."

 Atofe muttered with an unusually calm and low voice.

 "It's different from that time.

 It was more golden in color during that time.

 Its power and speed are there, but such a weapon didn't exist."

 Atofe might be talking about the original 『Fighting God Armor』.

 The strongest armor made by Laplace.

 "But the Human Race was like that.

 At first, they were weak. Absurdly weak. If we invaded, they would easily collapse and run away.

 But they steadily changed after a short while.

 When I realized it, they had changed their personnel, armor, and weapons.

 Their method of fighting was like that too.

 They would become firm, fall apart, and lie in wait within the mountains and across rivers……

 While doing so, they became stronger little by little.

 Kal said that it was the strength of the Human Race."

 Atofe's face is settling down for some reason.

 The way she's talking feels somewhat intellectual as well.

 The Immortal Demon clan probably enters a wise-man state after regenerating once.

 "Did you build that?"

 "Yes."

 "I see…you're strong, truly strong."

 Atofe said that with a refreshed face.

 "It's a pleasant story. Since Father wasn't able to win against the Dragon Race after many hardships when the worthless Human Race were able to overtake……"

 Atofe slowly stood up.

 With Moore on her side, she looked up at me with her arms folded and talked.

 While I wasn't able to catch up with her meaning, she continued.

 "I recognize my defeat. As promised, I will be under your jurisdiction while you continue to live."

 Thus, Atofe became a comrade.

 "Rudeus Greyrat, you are a hero who defeated me."

 Incidentally I became a hero.

 Part 2

 After that, a party was held at Atofe's fortress.

 It's a party for the subjugation of the Demon Lord.

 The organizer is the defeated Demon Lord herself.

 Imperial Guards are the staff.

 Participants are also the Imperial Guards.

 On the occasion of the party, a large military drill was organized.

 Organized in the center of the arena, such things as tree persons are put in order for athletics and a carpet made out of beast leather is spread out to encircle the circumference of the surrounding area with all of the guards eating and drinking.

 Demon Lord Atofe was defeated.

 Having said that, the people captured by Atofe weren't released.

 It'd be troublesome for me if Atofe's war potential of Imperial Guards decreases; Atofe definitely might have understood that situation too.

 For now, it's just like before.

 They're not all cops and robbers and we can't proceed to release all the members just like that.

 Well, if some fellows want to return no matter what, we'll send a few of them little by little when we get the chance.

 If it's just a little, then even Atofe won't notice.

 Although every member of Atofe's Imperial Guards is absolutely enjoying the party.

 They don't seem to have the intention to fly the banner of revolution.

 "Today is an auspicious day. Drink! Sing! And Fight!"

 Even though Atofe was defeated, she was in a really good mood.

 A party hall right in the center of the arena.

 She's glowing in satisfaction by waging fights against fellow subordinates over there.

 It seems she's pleased to receive the alcohol I gave her, looking at how she's shouting "Delicious!" each time she takes a drink.

 It's a really mysterious feeling, but it slightly resembles that of Badigadi's around there.

 Things like drinking and singing first before a duel……

 They're siblings after all.

 The Immortal Necross may have been a fellow like that too.

 "Hahahahaha, that's good!"

 "Crush 'em good!"

 "Your guard is down! Raise it! Raise it! Woww…"

 There are many hand-to-hand fights that are being performed in the arena.

 It's a manly fight with only bare hands without armor nor weapons.

 There are robust men of the Imperial Guards who tightly grasp their fist and knock their opponents hard.

 Ah, no, wait. That's not a fellow guard. It's not even a man.

 "The victor is Eris!"

 The one in the arena is Eris.

 That fight might not have been enough for her.

 The Demon Race of Atofe's Imperial Guards are knocked down by movements like those of a ferocious stray dog.

 They were said to be the elites, but Eris too isn't holding a sword.

 If it's a fist fight, whether they are equally matched or one of them goes easy on another……

 No, they're not holding themselves back.

 Some players that have fainted are scattered around the side of the arena.

 As if Eris has already beaten the crap out of at least three people.

 They are hurt, but Roxy arrives and uses healing magic within a second, so it should be fine.

 You've become strong, Eris……

 "AHHAhahahaha! Strong aren't you! As one would except from the comrade of the hero! Who's the next one!? Who will dare?"

 "Fight me! Demon Lord Atofe! Get down here!"

 "Ahhahahahahaha! You're an even bigger fool than Kishirika if you're challenging me to a fist fight! All right, I like it! I'll become your enemy!"

 Atofe suddenly threw her clock off while getting her upper half naked and comes down to the arena.

 The grounds were filled with nothing but shouts of joy.

 The party is now at its climax.

 Will Eris win or Atofe?

 Odds are probably higher for Atofe. However, if it's Eris, a totally unexpected result could------

 "Rudeus-dono……Rudeus-dono!"

 "Oh, excuse me."

 I'm not participating in that party.

 I'm in the middle of a meeting at the fort's room with Moore regarding the matters hereafter.

 Even though I should have been the leading actor……the party is now at its climax.

 I wonder for what reason the party was held.

 "Ahem, I understand the regarding circumstances.

 Search and kill that apostle Gisu and Hitogami and also provide backup when it comes to war.

 Search for Kishirika-sama. Establishment of an intelligence organization. Provide backup during Demon God Laplace's war.

 Is that roughly all?"

 "Yes."

 Unlike Atofe, Moore was a person who understands conversation.

 Listening to my request, summarizing it, he's positively considering it.

 Perhaps he holds Atofe's intelligence characteristics; he might have been born by jumping out of that narrow skull.

 "Aside from the former two, the latter two, especially regarding the war with Demon God Laplace, we probably won't be able to provide support."

 "Is it unreasonable after all? Because of the debt to Laplace or the like…?"

 "Atofe-sama was defeated by you personally. If you die, that will be over. Or will you be able to live even until 80 years later?"

 "……I guess that's difficult."

 Personally until the end.

 I, individually.

 It might be possible to let them think that Roxy defeated her, but……

 Well, it can't be helped.

 This too is probably fate.

 "Assisting the Mercenary Group is difficult as well."

 "Is it a territory conscious thing after all?"

 "Atofe-sama reigns over this region, but the ones who control it are the Imperial Guards. Building a different organization is convenient to make use of, but we can't look after their troubles."

 "……I understand."

 Mercenary group too is overdoing it.

 Just building it should be fine, but we mustn't forget that the head of the neighboring organization is Atofe.

 If a problem occurs, to settle it, strength is needed instead of wit.

 Surely, such an incident might occur, and before you realize it, destruction would have set in.

 "Regarding the search for Kishirika-sama, let's send out letters containing Atofe-sama's sign to the Demon Lords of various areas. They will surely lend a hand if it's just a search."

 "Please do."

 "There is no need for you to request. The one delivering the letters will be you. Since we don't know the exact place of the Teleportation Magic Circle."

 "Ah, yes."

 That's right, now that he mentions it, these people already know about the Teleportation Magic Circle, so there is no need to hide it.

 Teleportation Magic Circle.

 It's a taboo for the Human Race, but it might not be a taboo for the people of the Demon Race who have longevity.

 "Since Kishirika-sama doesn't run away without a particular reason, she will probably be found out immediately."

 "It's better if she's found as soon as possible."

 "It depends on the speed of the letter’s delivery, but……she might get discovered within this year."

 I can't find where Kishirika is as usual.

 "Just why does that person wander around like that?"

 "Well it's unclear to me just how the members of the ancient demon race think."

 "……But of course."

 In my opinion, I think Moore is also from one of the ancient demon races……

 I don't know how long they live, but if it's the Immortal Demon race, they might live for centuries at a time without getting affected.

 "However, Rudeus-dono sure has become stronger. There's quite a difference if we compare you from before when we met."

 "It's the power of the Magic Armor."

 "Such an honorable honesty."

 "There is no conviction in my honesty. I was able to obtain Atofe-sama's power by making her surrender, but I myself haven't dramatically become any stronger."

 『Strength』 can be produced.

 It's an agglutination of magic and skill.

 It doesn't mean that I can just obtain that 『Strength』 with my power alone.

 Me, Zanoba, Cliff, and Roxy too these days.

 If not for them, the Magic Armor would never have seen completion nor operation.

 "You’re the second person after North God Kalmann whose strength was recognized by Atofe-sama in just one blow, and she decided to come under your jurisdiction."

 "I think I am inferior in regards to the level of the Major World Powers."

 Before long, the one defeated would have been me if she had kept resurrecting and continued fighting again and again.

 Since I don't have an inexhaustible supply of magic.

 "We'll readily supply if there is insufficiency.

 Be it skills, armor, or comrades.

 Atofe-sama has come to recognize all of those.

 Therefore, she always hangs around all of the members.

 Since that is the strength of the Human race."

 He's probably saying that……the strength of the human race is the power to put things together.

 Making use of weapons, armors, and comrades as well, while accommodating all of those with strategy and tactics.

 No matter the enemy, we won't utter cowardice.

 For this reason, Atofe accepted defeat and Moore is praising me.

 I'm somewhat content with that.

 "However, just like Atofe, we the Imperial Guards still have the swordplay of North God style.

 We don't think you fought in all seriousness."

 "I'm deeply impressed by those words."

 Atofe fought alone this time.

 But that is the minimum force as far as she's concerned.

 She still has much more power to bequeath.

 I don't know where she will intend to use it.

 The future me was outwitted by Moore and was defeated……

 I just happen to see a vision of conflict with the Imperial Guards, so for that reason I prepared something in advance just in case.

 Roxy was there for that reason.

 She possessed scrolls for every hypothetical situation.

 If we're able to pin Moore down even for just a short time, we could at least prepare our retreat.

 Or so I thought, but it might have been risky if the Imperial Guards had genuinely participated.

 "Moore! Moooooorree! Bring Rudeus here!"

 And a callout came from Atofe.

 The loud voice which called out to Moore resounded till here.

 When I looked out the window, Eris was falling face-down and Roxy was rushing towards her in a hurry.

 Looks like she lost.

 Well that's obvious.

 "We should start going soon. Please use the Lithograph that was installed just now for making communication."

 "Yes, but before that."

 While saying that, Moore presented a box that was located to his side.

 Looking like a large Japanese dictionary.

 A box that has an ominous demonic pattern carved into it and feels like I'll be cursed if it's opened.

 It was unexpectedly light after I held it.

 "From Atofe-sama, I hand this over to you from us."

 "……And this is?"

 "When you're caught in a dilemma, please open this. It will definitely become your strength."

 I see.

 The enjoyment of trying to open it, is it?

 "Well then, shall we go?"

 "Yes."

 I put the box in the baggage and left the room.

 After that, I sat next to Atofe, watching the competition from a special seat and treating myself to alcohol.

 A team competition of 5-5 by the Imperial Guards.

 Moore and others are showing off very flashy magic.

 The rest are doing acrobats like the Chinese Athletic Association and musical instruments are being played resembling a former troubadour.

 Although I wasn't able to enjoy much looking at them.

 For some reason, Atofe who was sitting next to me was naked above the waist the whole time and continued to do so.

 Good gracious, I am in trouble as to where to look.

 The abstinent Rudeus has become greedy because of the abstinence itself.

 "……"

 When I started taking glances, before I knew it, Eris who was sitting next to me pulled my ear and Roxy who was sitting on top of my lap blocked my field of vision towards Atofe.

 It was an enjoyable party.

 Interval - We're Married

 An assembly of dozens of houses. Crude fences.

 Small fields with pakkun flowers on the sides.

 Middle schoolers flocking to a large cauldron.

 All of them were just as before, just as in memory.

 "I trust you're still healthy, Father-in-Law?"

 "I wonder about that…"

 It was as if time had stopped in the Migurd village.

 About two months had passed since Atofe was recruited.

 During that time, I made rounds delivering letters to demon kings in various locations.

 With Atofe's letter and Orsted's recommended tributes in hand, we went from one end of the Demon Continent to the other…which is to say with the teleportation circles.

 The demon kings were a colorful bunch.

 Bagraa'Hagraa, the gourmet Plundering Demon King who resembled a pig.

 Rinebine, the Demon King of Faces who could only have an expression like that of a Moai statue.

 Sahmedy'Nohmedy, the Demon King of Light who always emits light from his body.

 Patlsetl, the Alluring Demon King whose semi-transparent body was concealed by a veil.

 And the list goes on.

 We even met Kebrakabra, the demon king of Displeasure that Orsted had warned about.

 He was a spherical demon king with open holes throughout his body, and was constantly emitting the stench of vomit from the so-called holes.

 We had went to all the locations with the resolve to fight.

 They're demon kings, after all.

 When thinking of demon kings, Atoferatofe or Badigadi are the idiots at the top of the list.

 They aren't the type to listen to what you have to say.

 Or so I thought, but they were surprisingly communicative.

 They were delighted like children when I gave them gifts, and when I gave them Atofe's letter, they would mutter, "A hero…?" with their faces pale, avert their eyes, and hang their heads.

 Some were even unable to control their bowels while entreating, "Please don't kill me".

 Kebrakabra, the demon king of Displeasure was even one of them.

 I came to a good understanding of just how feared and irregular Atofe is.

 Demon kings are basically a bunch of nice people who simply just do what they want to do.

 If you give them a firm request, they'll consider it with a serious expression.

 However, while I had also asked about the search for Kishirika, most of them had replied "I'm not sure about that far off" for the things related 80 years from now.

 The long-lived demon kings apparently don't think about future matters.

 On the way, we stopped by the town of Rikarisu both the town that Badigadi rules over and where Kishirika's castle is located.

 The crater town that Kishirika had once set up as a stronghold.

 Badigadi wasn't there, nor did it seem like he had ever returned upon asking around.

 No matter where I wandered to, the soldiers would only shrug.

 For the time being, I gave a letter to the defending soldiers and requested they not just search for Kishirika, but Badigadi too.

 There were a few demon king castles left and it was looking like things were going to end without a hitch.

 When we got to that stage, Roxy called out to me.

 "Would it be alright if I visited my hometown for a little bit? Don't worry, it'll be over right away and I'll quickly come and go on my own."

 Like hell I would let you go alone.

 I promptly returned home, grabbed Lara and a betrothal gift, and returned to the town of Rikarisu.

 And upon ending a three-day journey, we arrived where we're presently at, the Migurd village.

 Just Roxy, Lara, and I.

 Eris had said this and that and restrained herself.

 I told her to at least thank them for the sword…but upon realizing that even she had remembered the thing called restraint, I was deeply moved.

 Rokary, Roxy's mother, froze upon seeing Roxy.

 Well, not quite; she wasn't looking at Roxy.

 She saw me standing intimately next to Roxy, the child Roxy was carrying, and then froze.

 Some people in the village took a look at Roxy and then stared intently at her.

 I'm sure they were trying to use telepathy, but Rokary was different.

 Her thoughts had certainly come to a complete halt.

 She was petrified for about 5 seconds or so.

 "Mother, I've returned."

 Spoken out to, Rokary then trembled.

 "R-Roxy, who is this man, and this child?"

 "My husband and child."

 "…!!"

 The next instant, Rokary made an expression as if to say "Oh!" and surveyed her surroundings in a fluster.

 Almost simultaneously, the nearby Migurds looked at the spot we were at, so she was probably yelling something with telepathy.

 Or maybe she was calling for Royn, Roxy's father.

 She might even be saying, 'Eek, Honey, Roxy brought home a man!'

 "…"

 "…"

 The silent gazes hurt.

 However, I'm Roxy's man.

 I must behave myself in a way that she won't be embarrassed.

 I folded my arms, aligned my legs, and threw out my chest, cladding myself in Psycho Power…

 "Mother, is Father around?"

 "Y-yes, I just called for him. He's at the elder's home…so I'm sure he'll be back right away."

 "Then, please let us wait at the house. When too many gazes gathered on Rudy, he started making a weird pose, as you see."

 Whaat!?

 Weird!?

 It was the pose of a venerable evil leader, though…

 "Now then, Rudy, this way."

 "Alright."

 Abiding Roxy, I followed after her.

 The luggage feeling heavy on my back was likely the pressure from meeting the father-in-law and mother-in-law.

 I want to think that the affectionate posing didn't belittle my beloved Roxy.

 "Thank you for having us."

 Glancing about while following after the two, we entered the home of Roxy's parents.

 Come to think of it, I didn't ever go inside their home last time I was here.

 Maybe they'll let me see Roxy's room from when she was little.

 Well, I already know there's no concept such as a private room in this community, though.

 "I wonder if there's enough food in storage…"

 "No, we'll be leaving before long, so don't worry over us."

 "But Roxy, you've finally returned, so stay a while."

 While listening to Rokary's lonely tone, I sat down near the hearth, and Roxy promptly sat down beside me.

 "We're rather busy, you see."

 "Is that so…"

 Rokary looked rather dejected.

 If were inclined to, I think staying 3 or 4 days would be fine…

 But Roxy isn't all that fond of her hometown, so it may only be natural she would want to leave quickly.

 "Nevertheless, you returned so suddenly…and with such handsome gentleman in tow, too…"

 Rokary once again looked at me, and after a fairly unrestrained examination from head to toe, she suddenly bowed her head as if realizing something.

 "Oh, how slow of me. I'm Roxy's mother, Rokary. It's nice to meet you."

 Meet me, huh…?

 It goes to figure she wouldn't remember me when we only met once over 10 years or so ago.

 "I'm Rudeus Greyrat. We've met once before."

 "We have…"

 "Yes, around 10 years ago, once. Ruijerd had brought me here."

 "You're acquainted with Ruijerd Supardia? But he was last here…"

 Hearing Ruijerd's name, Rokary put a hand on her chin as if pondering it.

 Eventually, she let out a small voice, seeming to have something come to mind.

 "Are you by chance the small human child who was with Ruijerd when he was going on his journey?"

 "That's exactly right."

 "Oh my…! How nostalgic! You've certainly gotten bigger, I see. Only a little less than 10 years have gone by, but when humans get so big, they're already splendid adults, right?"

 "Right. I think of myself as an adult, though lacking in many areas…"

 There, I placed my hands on the floor and bowed my head.

 "It's a fairly late notice, but I've wed your daughter."

 "…Oh, certainly. Erm, are you fine with this girl?"

 "This girl is very fine."

 I spoke, looking at Roxy, and her face went red.

 "Um, is Roxy being a proper wife for a human? There's friction between humans demons, isn't there? She isn't being a bother, is she?"

 "Regardless if there is some, I'm constantly being helped by Roxy. The most reliable one in my home is none other than Roxy."

 "Is that right…"

 Roxy poked me in the side.

 Wondering what it could be, I looked over at her, and she spoke to me in a whisper.

 "You're flattering me too much."

 Not a word was exaggerated, though.

 "But, such a handsome… Are you really fine with our daughter?"

 She repeated the question she had just said.

 Even Rokary seems fairly flustered.

 "Rudy has two other wives as well. I have a position similar to a concubine, so even if I were more or less unworthy, no problems will arise."

 Roxy interjected.

 Roxy doesn't have a single unworthy point about her, nor have I ever treated her as a concubine, though…

 "Is that right… But…"

 "Mother, you're making it embarrassing, so please cease."

 "Oh…ok. But I'm still worried. You were always unsociable and silent back then…"

 "I understand my own faults. But as you see, I've still given birth to a child, and am fulfilling my duties as a wife."

 Duties makes it sound businesslike.

 Even if, for example, she never gave birth, my love wouldn't waver, though…

 But maybe it is better to say it that way.

 "Rudeus, is this true?"

 "Yes. At the very least, my love for Roxy will never run out. I swear to God."

 My love is agape.

 It's infinite love.

 "I see…"

 Rokary wore a bewildered expression.

 It's probably best to show with action after all.

 Thus, I tried embracing Roxy's shoulders.

 Oh, she caught my hand.

 You've got it wrong, Roxy, I wasn't thinking of trying to touching your butt, I thought, but she grasped my hand.

 Roxy's hand was very warm.

 "Like that, I see."

 Rokary seems to have reached an understanding.

 Then Lara, who was sitting next to Roxy, suddenly turned her face toward the outside.

 "Oh, Royn's returned."

 Looks like the father-in-law has arrived.

 I'll have to once again give him my regards.

 I'll brace myself.

 I was ready to prostrate myself any time.

 Things went smoothly with Royn.

 He had a similar reaction to Rokary.

 He would say similar phrases, and I would say similar responses. It was very smooth operating.

 Looks like I won't have to prostrate after all.

 "At any rate, congratulations, Roxy. I'm glad as long as you're happy," Royn finally said, being moved to tears, and grasped Roxy's hands.

 "Thank you, Father."

 Roxy and Rokary were also tearing up.

 I wonder if I'm actually making Roxy happy.

 In the first place, what is happiness?

 I'm not certain, but I want to maintain my love for her.

 "Still, Roxy married, huh… The Roxy that would trip over nothing and be a moment from crying when she was small…"

 "Please leave out these kind of stories in front of Rudy."

 When Roxy was little, eh?

 I'm sure she was adorable.

 Or maybe her outer appearance wasn't all that different from right now.

 If I had met her at that time and grew up together…I'm sure our relationship would be different than it is currently.

 Well, regardless of the relationship, I don't think the destiny where I respect Roxy would be replaced.

 "Still, I never thought I'd see my grandchild's face."

 Seems like Royn was getting emotional.

 His words were that like of chiding, but he lifted Lara up in a good mood.

 Lara, like always, didn't struggle and simply stared at Royn.

 Seeing this made Royn break out into a grin.

 "I see, your name's Lara. Being able to clearly say your name, you're a clever one.

 "Huh?"

 "Huh?"

 I think Roxy and I let out a voice at the same time.

 Lara has yet to say her name.

 Or rather, she has yet to say anything at all.

 ‘So what is this…? ‘

 I thought, when Roxy came to a realization and stared at Royn.

 "…Can our girl use telepathy?"

 "Huh? Yeah. She still has a little difficulty with it, but is clearly understandable."

 Roxy and I exchanged glances.

 The shocking truth that just came to light.

 That our little girl was an esper.

 Thinking it over, it really isn't that strange of a thing.

 Roxy can't use telepathy, but both of Roxy's parents can.

 Which means it just isn't hereditary.

 "You weren't aware?"

 "…None of us can use telepathy, you see?"

 "Really…? But Lara says she often talks with grandma."

 Grandma.

 In this case, Lara's grandmother…doesn't refer to Rokary.

 It's Zenith.

 "Ahh…"

 At the same time, I reached a sort of understanding.

 Miko had said so, that Zenith can read others' minds.

 Thus, Lara was quite the chatterbox in Zenith's memory.

 The always silent Lara who wore a stern expression.

 She had happy memories of chatting with Zenith.

 I see, telepathy.

 Lara had always been talking with telepathy, which is how she was able to converse with Zentih.

 "…"

 For some reason, I'm relieved.

 But Roxy didn't share my feelings.

 She had a somewhat troubled expression while hanging her head.

 She might be thinking about how her daughter can do something she herself cannot.

 It was getting dark here.

 "Really… Eh? What should I do… Lara, it's Daddy~"

 I said, standing up and brushing Lara's head.

 Lara didn't smile or anything, just staring at me.

 She's probably saying something.

 "She says she has no idea what you're saying."

 Oh dear?

 Oh, right, I was speaking in the Demon God language.

 'Lara, it's Daddy~'

 This time I used the human language and peered at Royn.

 "She says she knows that."

 Oh, she knows.

 I suppose that's natural, there's no way she wouldn't.

 I say it often enough, anyway.

 Nevertheless, how dry.

 I think even an "I love you Daddy" would be fine even as just lip service.

 Recently, even Lucy been saying it.

 I suppose language and telepathy aren't related, though.

 Maybe spoken words come off with a different nuance…

 I suppose so, otherwise conversing with Zenith would be difficult.

 "At any rate, I was thinking she was a bit of a late bloomer, but I'm actually a little relieved."

 "She's still young, so she can only speak with her head, but I'm sure she'll be speaking with her mouth before long."

 Royn said with a nostalgic smile.

 "I'm sure what you two are feeling is the same when we had Roxy."

 "What do you mean?"

 "We also thought Roxy was a bit of a late bloomer when she was born, since she couldn't speak…"

 Roxy, the only one in her family who can't use telepathy and Lara, the only one in her family who can.

 They are similar situations.

 The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.

 All the same, I'm relieved.

 Our girl is growing up just fine.

 I really was worried she had no one to speak to at home, but it was nothing of the sort.

 Zenith clearly has been, and likely Leo also has some sort of telepathy power as well and has been conversing with Lara with it.

 Once she's able to speak with words, she'll be able to interact with the other family members as well.

 It's just a little longer.

 "Lara is just like Roxy, isn't she?"

 "Ha ha ha. Right, just like her, particularly her eyes."

 Royn was happily laughing and Rokary was enjoying herself, too.

 Even Lara, in some way, looked like she had an expression of enjoyment.

 After that, I paid back the money they had lent me times ten, and presented them the betrothal gift.

 I was grimacing inside at the Great king Land Tortoise cooking I haven't had in so long, while on the outside I was saying how delicious it was.

 It was a fun time.

 I'm glad I came here, I thought, but Roxy's expression didn't liven up.

 She didn't cheer up all the way to the end.

 In the end, Roxy and I decided to stay the night in the village.

 Maybe in consideration of being a married couple, we were staying at a vacant house nearby Roxy's parents' house.

 The three of us were sleeping with Lara in the middle in an unoccupied house with a little dust still remaining.

 Were this a hotel, I'd feel something over there only being one bed and two pillows lined up.

 Though it's not like I can do that stuff when Lara's with us, and right now I'm Rudeus the Abstinent anyway.

 Even with Roxy lying next to me, I can keep my hands off of her.

 But seeing Roxy lying down with her eyes shut certainly isn't helping.

 I started to feel maybe just a little was ok.

 I'm getting excited, or rather, I am excited.

 Well, let's think about it.

 I began a life of abstinence for a little while so I can't have any children.

 To flip it around, anything fine as long as it can't end up with children.

 Fate won't go amiss just from the act of ejecting the evil matter.

 Roxy is safe.

 That said, if you'll pardon me here—

 "Rudy."

 Faah!

 I'm sorry.

 It was just a passing impulse.

 "Are you still awake?"

 "Zzz zzz."

 "Skip the pretend sleep. Didn't you just look me in the eyes?"

 I reluctantly opened my eyes.

 Roxy, who was lying next to me, was staring at me with a serious expression.

 "It's about Lara."

 Lara was already sleeping soundly.

 Usually she had the most brazen expressions, but her sleeping one was that of an angel.

 "To be honest, I had been thinking that was how it was."

 What is, I couldn't bring myself to ask.

 It was what she spoke of today.

 The fact that Lara can use the Migurd racial ability just fine.

 "I had been quiet up until now…but every time I saw Zenith and Lara staring at each other, I considered the possibility."

 "It never came to mind for me."

 "I'm sure. You've been quite busy these few years, always moving around."

 I haven't been watching over my children, is what it felt like she said.

 Well, if I had assert one or the other, maybe it would be that I haven't.

 Maybe I've just been watching the cute parts and doting on them.

 I haven't done a single thing that would count as raising or educating them.

 Frankly, I've just been taking advantage of Sylphy and Roxy for that.

 "What kind of expression is that? I'm not blaming you for it."

 I appreciate that she can say that.

 No matter how much I worry and reflect over it, my hands are currently full with the Hitogami stuff.

 I have no resources to devote to raising children.

 "It's just, I was thinking a little."

 "About what?"

 Roxy was stroking Lara's head.

 "I was born in this village. Once I became aware of my surroundings, I grew up always feeling alienated."

 "…"

 "Thinking back on it, those days were really difficult. Leaving the village, going to a town where they came to mutual understanding with words, making acquaintances there, and when I began my life as an adventurer, I keenly realized that the world I lived in was right here."

 She can't do what everyone else can.

 Not being able to do just such a simple thing.

 When asked why she couldn't do such an ordinary action, she wouldn't even know.

 Just unable to do it and spoken of as a useless failure by her peers, and she even recognized herself as such.

 But that really wasn't common sense.

 She was glad she couldn't do it.

 When Roxy knew that, she undoubtedly had an indescribable sense of freedom.

 "If Lara is raised as it is, maybe she'll have the same thoughts I did. I may be glad I left the village, but Lara isn't me. There aren't any other races that can use the same ability as the Migurd."

 Roxy, then, suddenly looked away.

 But she may be right.

 The Migurd don't leave the village often.

 Even on the Demon Continent, I had almost never seen a race like the Migurds.

 It may not be exclusive, but they are a self-enclosed race.

 I can't say that Lara won't feel alienated in the future.

 "So I was thinking…"

 Roxy said, still facing away.

 She had a troubled face as if she had no confidence in her own idea.

 "How about leaving Lara with my father and mother?"

 "…Huh?"

 "I wondering that it might be best to live in the Migurd village as a Migurd until she's 10 or 15, until she's grown to some extent. Afterwards, wouldn't it be for the best to decide if she should leave or stay in the village? That's what I was thinking."

 "…"

 I want to be with my son and daughters as much as I possibly can.

 I think that's the obligation as one who conceived them. I view taking responsibility as including that.

 Minus the Hitogami stuff, I want Lara to be raised somewhere I can see.

 But Roxy was telling me something she had thought hard over.

 She isn't saying it because she wants to escape from responsibility or because she wants to resign from childcare.

 It's because it will be hard on Lara.

 She's saying it because Lara wouldn't want to go through the same things she herself had.

 A child with blue hair who has a different means of talking with others.

 There's no way there won't be painful times.

 It goes without saying a parent can't shoulder the child's pain.

 "I'm against it… But if you think it's for the best, then I…"

 The words wouldn't come out.

 I can't choose.

 Should I prioritize my own feelings or Roxy's suggestion?

 I could only keep silent, unsure.

 "I'm sorry, Rudy. Please forget this. The conversation never happened."

 Roxy said after a brief period of silence.

 That was where we ended the day.

 Roxy and I slept with our hands held.

 The Migurd village was a quiet village.

 You can't hear any conversation.

 Since the villagers talk with telepathy, there were no conversations in the village.

 Maybe some of them would greet Roxy, but she couldn't hear it.

 But Lara probably could.

 The conversations of the people preparing food over there, or a lover's quarrel inside a home, or all other kinds of racket.

 "Seeing this lack of change, I can understand the richness my past ten years had…or rather, the bustle human livelihoods have."

 Roxy spoke, turning her gaze to our daughter that she was carrying.

 Lara, as always, was staring at Roxy with a surly face.

 I don't think this village would change even after another decade.

 Or even were there to be a change, we wouldn't notice it.

 "Then, take care, alright?"

 "It’s alright if you stay a little longer…"

 Royn and Rokary were seeing us off at the village entrance.

 They looked rather lonely.

 "Could I hold Lara once last time?"

 Royn asked, and extended his arms.

 Grandchildren are cute no matter where in the world you are.

 It didn't appear like they have any intention of having children aside from Roxy.

 "It's perfectly fine, here."

 Roxy held out Lara, who she was holding, to him, or at least tried to.

 "What's this?"

 Lara was firmly clinging onto the neck area of Roxy's robe.

 It was like a scene I had seen somewhere.

 "Come now, Lara, say goodbye to grandpa and grandma."

 "…"

 Lara, making use of both her arms and legs, was clinging onto Roxy like a cicada.

 Just like that, she looked over at me.

 The usual surly and brazen face she always had was…gone.

 Her mouth was warped, her brow furrowed, and she had an expression that looked like she was going to cry at any moment.

 It was an expression asking for help.

 "Ahh… Ha ha ha. Nevermind, it's fine after all.”

 Royn spoke with a wry smile, waving his hand.

 "She's saying she doesn't want to be separated from Mom.

 "…!"

 Roxy looked at Lara, surprised.

 Upon seeing Lara's expression close to crying, anxiety filled Roxy's own expression in the blink of an eye.

 "No, want to be together…"

 Lara said, as if squeezing out the words.

 Our little girl, who had never spoken before, asserted herself for the first time.

 "…"

 Perhaps, Lara had heard last night's conversation.

 Even if she hadn't, maybe she had a dream where she was left behind due to it.

 Maybe all we did was make her meaninglessly uneasy.

 "It'll be just fine."

 Roxy hugged Lara tightly in silence.

 Her lips were tightly pressed together while holding back tears.

 As both mother and daughter were making the same expression, Roxy spoke.

 "We'll always be together."

 With those words, Lara relaxed with a relieved expression.

 "Roxy, when will you come back next?"

 "Let's see, once Lara is a bigger… I think we'll come again in about 10 years.

 "…Alright, that's good. Take care, ok?"

 Rokary said, not seeming to think of 10 years as all that long.

 And thus, we departed the village.

 The two saw us off at the village entrance until we were out of sight.

 It was a bit awkward at times, but I'm glad we visited them.

 Eris and Sylphy's parents are gone, passed away.

 Roxy's parents were estranged, but even so, parents are still parents.

 I think that as long as they're alive, you can visit them as many times as you want.

 "Now, Rudy, things are going to get hectic again."

 "They sure are."

 Before that, I'll tidy up the immediate tasks.

 With such thoughts in mind, we returned to the town of Rikarisu.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
