Volume 22  3 — The Fourth One

Volume 22 Chapter 3 - The Fourth One

 

 Part 1

 We've finished going around and greeting each of the Demon Kings.

 They've each given me their consideration.

 Using Atofe's name is really convenient.

 For now, everything has been going smoothly.

 I've been getting along well.

 Almost to the point that I'm starting to think it's gone too well; we haven't run into any issues.

 Gisu has been strangely silent.

 There hasn't been any interference from Hitogami either.

 I've been diligently checking back in on the house, and there's no sign of any interference with my family.

 I've had a look at the information on world affairs that the mercenary company has been collecting, and there haven't been any strange movements.

 At least, my actions don't seem to have conflicted with Gisu's plot.

 Gisu's letter might have been a bluff; he could be plotting something entirely different…

 Or something like that, I don't know yet.

 Even if I don't know, it's important to keep moving forward.

 For now, there haven't been any Gisu sightings.

 He's hiding himself well.

 At least until I make a request of Kishirika, but she hasn't been found either.

 Well, finding Kishirika is only a matter of time.

 In the mean time, I've decided to continue networking.

 The Holy Land of Swords.

 Sword God, Gull Farion.

 According to Orsted, he's a man of good character with a hobby of collecting rare swords.

 According to Eris, he's not the kind of person to listen to what you have to say.

 Once in the past I had also met Nina Farion, although…

 Well, I had the impression that she was similar to Atofe.

 According to the circumstances, I might have to bulldoze through the negotiations in the MK-I.

 If that's the case, then it would be good to bring reinforcements.

 That place will be full of people like Eris and Ghyslaine.

 At least Atofe's elite guard, even seeing their boss stare down defeat, won't act unless commanded.

 If a large number of Sword God-style swordsmen were to attack simultaneously…

 I feel reluctant just thinking about it.

 First of all I'll bring Eris… but, who else?

 It would be unreasonable to ask Ariel to let me bring Ghyslaine…

 "You! Clear your plate quickly, don't make a mess!" (Lucy)

 "Aa, sorry. Yes, chew~ chew~" (Norn)

 While thinking about such things, I was at home, having a meal with my family.

 "Don't just eat everything but the bell peppers!" (Lucy)

 "Eeh, the bell peppers too? I don't like bell peppers…" (Norn)

 "Leaving the bell peppers is no good! Adults have to eat things even if they aren't delicious!" (Lucy)

 My daughter is still small, she's five years old.

 There's no roof on our house. Our tableware is made of stone, and we're eating mud dumplings with muddy water to drink.

 It's surely my fault, I'm not earning enough income.

 Such hardship.

 "Babu~" (Norn)

 "Already, but Norn-chan I gave you my breast a little while ago, and you're already hungry again? I guess it can't be helped, say ahh~" (Lucy)

 Speaking of which, Norn is already 15 years old.

 She'll be 16 years old soon.

 She'll also graduate from the magic university this year, we should probably hold some kind of event despite being busy, but she still seems to miss mama's milk.

 "Wow~ Mama, thank you~" (Norn)

 "That's no good! Baby-talk is no good!" (Lucy)

 "Aa… yes. Babu~" (Norn)

 My daughter still isn't good with words.

 She's still an infant, so it can't be helped.

 "Wan wan!" (Aisha)

 "Already, Aisha's hungry too? There's no helping it, HEY, everyone, time to eat, come to the kitchen!" (Lucy)

 Our pet is 15 years old too.

 Recently, she's had to balance between housework and managing the mercenary company, almost like a career woman, but she always ends up playing the role of a maid.

 Even so, she's still a brutish dog that can't fight against her appetite.

 "Wafun~!" (Aisha)

 "After you've eaten properly, you can go play with Norn-chan!" (Lucy)

 "Wafu wafu, wa~an!" (Aisha)

 "Babu~…!" (Norn)

 "Yaah, it tickles!" (Lucy)

 In a fit of excitement, Aisha jumped up, licking their cheeks.

 A truly happy family.

 I'll join in too.

 "Yay~ Papa~ Papa~" (Norn)

 "No! Papa don't do that!" (Lucy)

 Rejected.

 This must be what's called domestic discrimination.

 Although it looks like a happy family, the marriage has lost its passion.

 A cold married life, a rut.

 I mean, why can't I act like a pet?

 I want to hug and lick too…

 "*sob* Papa is hated…" (Norn)

 "It's different! Papa is great, but he's rarely home, and I'm holding the baby, I still love him! It just can't be helped!" (Lucy)

 Maybe not that great, since I'm listening in.

 But it can be helped, because I also want to hug the baby.

 Love is warmth.

 And since I'm warm, I'm happy.

 "Um, Rudy… is now a good time to talk?" (Sylphy)

 Suddenly, from behind, a voice was heard.

 Turning around, from the window of the neighboring house, mother-in-law was… well. That's enough of that.

 "Ah."

 As I was standing up, the hem of my shirt was caught.

 Lucy was holding it, looking up at me with an anxious face.

 "Papa, are you gonna go to work again?"

 I was considering it an hour ago.

 About who I should bring to the Holy Land of Swords, maybe I should just ask President Orsted to make the trip.

 Or how should I start the negotiations, maybe I should just go in strong…

 And various other potential issues, then Norn brought Lucy over to play.

 While hiding behind Norn, Lucy was fidgeting saying [Umm… papa, play?]

 I consented without a second thought.

 "No, I'm just going to go talk with mom a little."

 "… don't go."

 "I shall return immediately. Until then, play with your big sisters."

 "… Yeah."

 Lucy responded with a squeak and hung her head.

 I'm reluctant to leave that cute face.

 If it were possible, I'd play all day.

 It was fun playing Lucy's husband.

 But, because my true wife is calling, I must go.

 "What's the matter? Sylphy?"

 As I head back through the living room after washing my hands, I found Sylphy sitting on the couch.

 "Yeah. Um… Recently, Rudy's been busy, right? So, I heard you earlier, and I don't think it's bad…"

 Sylphy said with an embarrassed face while scratching the back of her ear with a crunching sound.

 I wonder if it's something difficult to say.

 "If I heard properly, are you leaving already for the Holy Land of Swords?"

 "Ah, as soon as preparations are complete, probably another 2 or 3 days…"

 I still have to decide who to bring.

 Eris and someone else.

 I'd like to bring someone sensible who can understand the Sword God Style.

 I wonder if it would really be unreasonable to ask Ariel to lend out Ghyslaine or Isolte…

 "How long will you be gone?"

 "I'm not sure, probably between 10 to 30 days. I'll be back to visit."

 Near the Holy Land of Swords, where famous swordsmen polish their skills, there are also master blacksmiths in training.

 I also intend to forge a connection with them.

 "Is that so… yeah, well, that won't be in time after all."

 "… What?"

 "The delivery."

 As Sylphy said that, I noticed her belly.

 A big belly.

 And a slightly larger chest.

 They are body changes unsuitable to the slender Sylphy.

 "Ah… it's that time already."

 No way, of course I wouldn't forget.

 Sylphy is always in my mind.

 It was just that I didn't realize we were so close to the due date already…

 The stream of time is one that flows briskly.

 "… can I touch your belly?"

 As I said that, I moved in to touch.

 Even though I'm just touching her belly, from the depths, I can feel the pulse of life.

 The feeling of two hearts beating, something miraculous.

 Sylphy is caring for two lives now.

 And, after that life separates from Sylphy, it's going to become independent.

 "Soon Lucy's little brother or sister will be born."

 Sylphy gently placed her hand on top of mine as I was touching her belly.

 "This time, Rudy won't be here for the birth?"

 "No, I'll be here, in the house."

 "But… Rudy…"

 "I'll be here."

 After hearing my child is about to be born, I can't just say [Well, take care] and leave the house on a business trip.

 If I do that, I'll truly lose sight of what I've been doing everything for.

 "… Thank you Rudy. I love you."

 "I love you too."

 Sylphy closed her eyes, and put her hand on my shoulder to embrace me.

 Yeah, I'm happy…

 "Ah, that's right. Before the birth, we should choose a name. Before you left for Milis, you said you'd think of one, right?"

 I sat in a seiza on the floor.

 Part 2

 Thus, I decided to stay home for a while.

 I don't feel a particular need to rush things.

 Nevertheless, I feel a bit uneasy.

 As I assumed a seiza pose, bowing with my forehead near the floor, I informed Sylphy that I hadn't thought of a name. She looked more disappointed than angry.

 She was blue in the face, at a loss for words.

 Like she had been betrayed by something she had believed in, she had that kind of expression.

 But it only lasted for a second, and she followed up with [Well, then, we need to think of one]…

 That's the face of disappointment.

 I'm wearing out her patience.

 Her voice just trailed off after that.

 Yeah, that's right.

 Surely, Sylphy has, for the last six months, believed in me.

 Even when I was far away, she was looking forward to celebrating the birth of our child with me.

 Of course, I had every intention of doing so.

 I had the intention.

 The action, however, I fell short on.

 There's no doubt about that.

 "Papa. What's wrong? Stomach hurts?"

 "No, well a little, I accidentally hurt mama's feelings."

 "Then, you should say sorry."

 Lucy was trying to comfort me.

 But, what Sylphy wants isn't an apology.

 She doesn't want some superficial apology.

 She doesn't want a heartfelt apology either.

 No, what she wants is something more vague… she wants a sense of security.

 "Lucy. Even if I tell Mama I'm sorry, I don't think that will help, her feelings will still be hurt."

 "But, Papa won't hurt Mama's feelings anymore?"

 "I won't."

 "Well then Mama will forgive you!"

 It's Sylphy after all, I should have understood that from the beginning.

 I need to be home for her.

 In this kind of situation, I'm probably missing something.

 Even if I think I understand, her feelings may be different.

 She's been enduring for a long time.

 When I left her while she was pregnant to go help Paul.

 When I married Roxy, then Eris.

 Time and time again, instead of exploding, she's only shown understanding.

 I've been allowed to do as I like.

 Once again, she's enduring.

 When she heard that I hadn't even thought of a name, she was holding herself back.

 Surely, even now, she's still enduring it.

 I'm the one making her endure.

 Everything's fine for now.

 However a time will come when her patience reaches its limit.

 Just like water overflows from a cup, there's also a limit on what a person can put up with.

 At that time, I'll lose Sylphy.

 Just like in the diary, she'll up and disappear.

 That would be awful.

 I want to spend the rest of my life with her.

 Together, through the painful times too.

 That's just my own selfishness.

 Even if she falls out of love with me,

 At the very least I want to give Sylphy a sense of security.

 I wonder what I should do.

 Part 3

 While I was worrying over those kinds of things, the delivery date rapidly approached.

 We're expecting it in the next week or so.

 Sylphy has been spending her time as if nothing had happened.

 In fact, I was starting to think it wasn't such a big deal either.

 She's not the type to hold a grudge for this kind of thing.

 Perhaps the other day she was just disappointed, and didn't take things too seriously.

 I don't think things became awkward.

 While I was spending as much time as possible with Sylphy, I was desperately thinking of a name for our child.

 Just like that, Sylphy started having delivery pains.

 Eris had a calm face and took off sprinting to the doctor,

 Lilia and Aisha prepared for the delivery,

 Roxy was waiting off to the side as an auxiliary healing specialist,

 Leo was taken with the children to another room,

 And I was next to Sylphy the entire time.

 After a little bit, Eris returned with the doctor.

 Under her arm that is, his eyes were spinning, but he immediately set out to prepare for the delivery.

 Everyone was familiar with the process.

 This is Sylphy's second child, my fourth.

 If I count the number of births I've witnessed, including Aisha and Norn, it's five.

 If I count my previous life, it's a few more.

 Even the doctor is a veteran; there isn't a single inexperienced person here.

 With this lineup, I can have peace of mind.

 And with everyone present, the delivery began.

 There was no panic or confusion, everyone was calm and proceeded smoothly…

 "Ugh."

 When the head crowned, the doctor moaned.

 My peace of mind broke in an instant; anxiety is coursing through my body.

 Even though I'm accustomed to the process, delivery then birth.

 I shouldn't have relaxed my guard.

 I know it's not a breech delivery, because the head was crowning…

 There's no way it could be a stillbirth.

 Roxy stood up with her staff in hand.

 "Do we need healing magic?"

 "That's not necessary."

 As the doctor said that, the delivery continued.

 The delivery proceeded smoothly, with Sylphy letting out as little of her voice as she could.

 I don't see anything going wrong.

 "… Aah~ aah~"

 Then, suddenly, in the quiet room, a baby's cries emerged.

 The doctor finished delivering the baby without saying anything.

 There doesn't seem to be any problem.

 But, the doctor's expression is stiff.

 Now I see why.

 From a glance at the baby, it's obvious.

 The reason why the doctor still has a stiff expression, that is.

 The baby's hair was the problem.

 When Lucy was born, she had a little bit of light brown hair.

 Lara was born without any hair.

 Arus was born while I was away, but when I first saw him, he had red hair.

 "…"

 Sylphy's second child.

 The baby's hair, was green.

 It's not bright enough to be emerald green.

 But, it was green.

 Almost similar to Sylphy's old…

 "That…"

 Sylphy's complexion has gone completely blue.

 "Ah… Ah… a lie…"

 Roxy, Eris, Aisha, Lilia, and I have normal expressions.

 In this house, it's not unusual for a child with colorful hair to be born.

 And, I'm also good friends with Ruijerd.

 I don't see anything wrong with green hair.

 But, Sylphy…

 For her…

 It's different.

 "… Congratulations. It's a boy."

 "……"

 Sylphy looked at the baby with a hopeless face.

 The doctor presented the baby, held to his chest, when Sylphy put up her hands like she didn't know what to do.

 "Sylphy."

 We should be celebrating.

 There's no reason not to celebrate.

 Out of appreciation for Sylphy, it's necessary to celebrate.

 Afterwards, we need to raise him to become a fine man.

 With as many smiles as possible.

 In order to create a sense of security.

 "Everything's fine, it's fine, thank you."

 "…… Rudy… I'm sorry."

 Before I could say anything else, Sylphy replied.

 "There's no reason to apologize, so--"

 As I said that, as if her battery suddenly died, she lost all of her strength.

 I caught the baby as he slipped from her grasp.

 "Eh?"

 "Rudy! Please move!"

 Roxy and the doctor suddenly pushed me out of the way.

 Sylphy had lost consciousness, they were checking on her condition.

 I can't seem to do anything but look on, stunned.

 "She's only fainted."

 A feeling of relief filled the room at the doctor's words.

 I was still frozen in place, holding my naked baby.

 Unable to move an inch, just standing there.

 Aisha approached with a cloth.

 "Oniichan, we need to wrap the baby in this."

 "Y-yeah."

 As Aisha said that, I took the cloth.

 Sylphy was uneasy.

 She's had a vague sense of anxiety about her.

 And, her uneasiness was proved right when she saw her child's hair was green.

 As if she had finally snapped under the tension, or whether her stress had reached a limit, she fainted.

 If I'd been better at providing her with a sense of security, things might have gone differently.

 I'm sorry.

 But, I also feel as if this is a sort of blessing.

 Certainly, he has green hair, but there's nothing wrong with that.

 Everything went smoothly.

 This is my fourth child. I've properly thought of a name.

 "… You, why are you here?"

 Eris, who was sitting in the corner of the room, abruptly asked.

 She was asking me.

 I've been acting cowardly, and Eris responded with harsh words.

 With that feeling in the pit of my stomach, I turned around.

 "Huh?"

 That wasn't it.

 She wasn't referring to me.

 There's a strange guy in the room.

 Blonde hair. Wearing a white school uniform, with a buttoned shirt and long pants.

 And, a familiar yellow fox-motif mask.

 "Arumanfi…?"

 Arumanfi was watching me patiently.

 Or, more accurately, my baby.

 He was patiently watching my green haired baby.

 "Rudeus Greyrat. Perugius-sama requests your presence at the sky castle."

 It would seem I've been summoned by Perugius.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
