Volume 22  4 — Naming

Volume 22 Chapter 4: Naming

 

 Part 1

 ---

 Sylphiette's Point of View

 ---

 I had a dream.

 Around the time when Rudi went to the Kingdom of the Dragon King.

 A child was crying inside that dream.

 A child with green hair was crying.

 There was some kind of black shadow in the surroundings.

 The black shadow surrounded the child and threw something like black lumps at him.

 The child was desperately trying to run away, but the black shadow persistently chased after him.

 But there was a light ahead of that child.

 The child approached the light and the light surrounded the child; the light then drove the black shadow away by throwing a ball of light towards it.

 The child was tenderly wrapped up by the light and the child slept peacefully.

 When I had that dream, I thought that it was a dream of the past.

 That the dream was of the old days when I was being bullied by the village's children.

 I thought that 'I really love Rudi, don't I' after having such a dream at this point.

 I writhed like a little girl on the bed after thinking that.

 Several months after that.

 During the time when Rudi went to the Demon Continent.

 I had a similar dream again.

 But it was a little different from that time.

 The child having green hair.

 It wasn't my face.

 The child who had Rudi's face was being chased by the black shadow.

 And for some reason, there was no light ahead of that child’s escape.

 I rushed towards that child in a hurry and decided to protect him from the black shadow.

 I tried to drive it away bare handed as I couldn't use magic within the dream.

 The black shadow had been sticking to me and didn't easily vanish.

 The child was trembling in my arms.

 When I had that dream, I got anxious that something might have happened to Rudi.

 He might had gotten injured or had been captured.

 Even though Eris and Roxy were there……

 I seriously started considering how should I make my move if that had happened.

 In the end, he came back the other day and my anxiety was liquefied, but………

 In exchange for that, a different anxiety rose within me.

 The stomach which was getting bigger.

 I thought whether the dream was this child's within this stomach.

 However, I immediately considered it as needless anxiety.

 Rudi will definitely protect the kids.

 This child is sure to have the light.

 I thought that I had become just a little nervous because of pregnancy.

 I immediately forgot about the dreams.

 And then Rudi came back from the Demon Continent.

 I tried asking him about the child's name.

 It had been 6 months since I asked him to think about it.

 It would have been fine if I asked after the birth, but since he was leaving on a trip again I wanted to ask beforehand.

 "……I'm sorry. I haven't thought about a name yet."

 At that time, the thing about the dream crossed my mind.

 The figure of the child coiled about by the black shadow and no one would come to his rescue.

 I thought that perhaps this child won't be loved by Rudi.

 'No, that couldn't possibly be' I immediately thought that, but---

 As expected, I had a dream the evening of that very day.

 The black shadow was swarming the child who was too far away from my hands reach.

 I desperately ran and tried to save him.

 But I couldn't make it.

 After I finally arrived, the black shadow was disappearing and the child was dead.

 I was drenched in sweat after I woke up.

 It's just a dream, I'm only nervous.

 I could only convince myself of that.

 But I ended up thinking about various things after all.

 If a child with green hair is really born……

 That child would undoubtedly be persecuted.

 Just like I was.

 But Rudi will definitely protect that child even if he has green hair.

 It's the same for Roxy and Eris as well.

 Even though I know that, just why isn't my anxiety disappearing?

 I arrived unexpectedly faster at the answer.

 I've heard it.

 About Laplace's factor.

 About the reason my hair color was green.

 About why Rudi for a period of time was feeling a little anxious about that matter.

 If the child born is Laplace.

 What would Rudi do?

 It's a little different this time around, but Rudi was originally assembling war potential to fight Laplace.

 If my child is Laplace, then what would become of Rudi's work……?

 ……What to do?

 By no means do I not have faith in him.

 I trust him.

 But, what should I do?

 What do I want him to do?

 I started losing sleep every night as that thing kept spiraling inside my head.

 Eventually I concluded that "A child with green hair won't necessarily be born."

 It's just; it would have been better if it wasn't green hair.

 But it was green.

 ---

 Rudeus's Point of View

 ---

 We named the baby Sieghart.

 Baby girls Lucy and Lara were named after their parents, and baby boy Arus was named after the Hero of the Past, so that's why we named him after the Immortal Hero Siegfried with regards to the previous era.

 At first we were going along with that, but if it's Ranoa, then the names "Something-hart" were numerous, so we quickly changed it.

 His nickname is Sieg.

 Sieg looked normal.

 Frequently cried and often slept.

 He peed and pooped.

 At least he's far more normal than Lara, who doesn't cry too much and Arus, who cries if I hold him.

 A reincarnated person……

 No, let's stop with the obscurement.

 I don't think he looks like Laplace.

 "Though I am looking at him……what do you think about my family's child…"

 It's been three days since then.

 At late night.

 The one sitting before me is Orsted.

 Orsted is in front of Sieg, who is soundly sleeping within the basket in my home.

 Not long ago he was crying, but now he's fast asleep.

 Orsted looks somewhat drowsy as well.

 By the way, Eris is standing behind Orsted.

 Even though it's fine not to be so vigilant about it, she has been keeping her hand on the sword on her back.

 "…Were you not able to comprehend my words?"

 "No! Of course, I obviously understand your words, I believe them! That's right, Laplace certainly hasn't been born yet!"

 "……"

 "But, look, were you not talking about it before. That if Pax is dead, then Laplace's place of birth becomes unknown. Which means! My existence made things like that, because of Hitogami, Laplace of this period was, so it could be…"

 Orsted gave out a sigh.

 With a face like 'Do I have to explain this again?'

 "Laplace's place of birth becomes unknown because of Pax's death……but Laplace's factor hasn't been converged yet. It's possible after 50 years, but no matter how you see it, Laplace's resurrection isn't going to happen any time soon."

 I don't remember hearing anything about the convergence……

 But when I believe that.

 "Which means this child is?"

 "Just a cute baby."

 While saying that Orsted tried to extend his hand towards Sieg, but stopped after hearing Eris moving her sword.

 It's alright if it's just a pat on the head……

 "Then, what about this green hair?"

 Sieg's hair color is green.

 A color which is quite similar to former Sylphy.

 "It's only green. Laplace's factor or just hereditary…that's probably all."

 It's just green……huh.

 It won't particularly become small even if we get closer to it, but……

 "This child is not Laplace. I can guarantee you that."

 "……Thank you very much."

 Despite giving my thanks, I still have some doubt left.

 Orsted isn't flawless.

 Even if he says it was like that in the previous loops, this loop has too many irregularities.

 In fact, even Orsted can cause some miscalculations.

 So if Perugius properly examines him and he really turns out to be Laplace…

 That possibility exists.

 Or the possibility of Perugius misrecognizing him also exists.

 The fact is what a person says and does is never absolute.

 "If it's possible, would you be able to accompany us when I go to Perugius-sama's place? That way if he really does turns out to be Laplace, won't you please protect us?"

 "……I guess it's alright."

 Yeah.

 Perugius won't be able to gain an upper-hand if Orsted is standing behind me.

 Alright it's settled.

 As for this, that is.

 "………"

 "Why the long face? Is there still something more?"

 "No…"

 Since then, Sylphy was noticeably depressed.

 On the surface she behaves the same as usual, but she often looks gloomy.

 She might be feeling responsible for giving birth to a green-haired child.

 Of course, no one in the family cares about that.

 Only Roxy seemed to understand that scarce feeling, since I glanced at a counseling-like scene between them.

 But Sylphy remained depressed.

 Even I talked to her about one thing or another.

 So what do I do to bring back Sylphy's smiling face?

 I don't know that.

 "It's because of the family's circumstances, that is why……"

 "I see. So then, how soon can you come to Perugius-sama's place?"

 "We'll come when Sylphy stabilizes."

 I made Arumanfi wait.

 That the child has just been born and it's impossible to come so soon.

 Arumanfi left after saying a short "I understand," but Perugius might be highly anticipating me.

 He even revealed himself with the fastest speed possible……

 Orsted said that my child isn't Laplace.

 Be that as it may, Perugius won't consent to it even if he's informed unilaterally.

 Not until he's seen it with his own eyes.

 It might be hard, but let's take Sylphy as well.

 I had a hunch that it would be better like that.

 Part 2

 20 days passed.

 Sylphy's physical condition stabilized as well.

 There are no problems with the child as of now.

 Sylphy has been feeling depressed as usual.

 With a gloomy face, she has been tightly holding the baby during the daytime.

 Many times, her expression looked as if she wouldn't hand this child over to anyone and was worried too much.

 "Sylphy, I intend to show Sieg to Perugius-sama."

 When I suggested such a thing to her, she held Sieg tightly with a frightened face.

 "………No."

 As if she had turned back to her childhood, a frail attitude.

 Moreover, that expression was not aiming for me during the old days.

 But aiming for the ones who bullied her.

 "Why……would you say such a thing……?"

 "So that I can make you realize that our child isn't Laplace by Perugius-sama."

 Sylphy casted her eyes down.

 "………If he turns out to be Laplace, what will you do?"

 "Eh? As I said before, even Orsted-sama says that he's not Laplace……"

 "But the possibility of him being wrong is there, right?"

 Well, even Orsted isn't flawless.

 It might be possible that he was carried away by Sieg's cuteness and said that.

 I don't think that's possible, but………

 "At that time……"

 "At that time?"

 "I will protect Sieg even if the Sky Fortress falls."

 Sylphy casted her eyes down again after hearing those words.

 And murmured an "OK" with a faint voice.

 Part 3

 And thus, we had decided to proceed towards the Sky Fortress.

 The members were me, Sylphy holding Sieg, Eris, Orsted, and incidentally Zanoba.

 I decided to take someone along who can easily persuade Perugius just in case.

 "……Welcome. Please come."

 The reaction of Sylvaril, who encountered such a large family, was the same as always.

 Firstly, a sincere respect towards Zanoba, Eris, and Sylphy.

 Just an exterior respect for me.

 An unpleasant attitude towards Orsted.

 Just as always.

 "Well then, this way please. Perugius-sama awaits."

 And thus, we go towards the Audience room through the usual route.

 There is no conversation.

 Sylphy, who is holding Sieg, is walking beside me.

 Eris is walking as if to protect her with her hand laid on the pommel of her sword.

 Zanoba, who looks slightly tense after hearing the situation, is walking behind us with Orsted in tow, whose face cannot be seen because of the Helmet.

 We go past the door which was praised before by Zanoba without any change in that formation.

 Illusions of white particles could be seen coming out of Sylphy and Sieg.

 They might be coming out of me as well.

 I thought it was a little strange that nothing came out from Orsted.

 He doesn't have the Laplace's factor?

 "……"

 Sylvaril looked at us silently.

 She's smoothly proceeding before us without accidentally saying anything particular.

 "Look, Sylphy, it's different as we expected."

 "………Yeah."

 Sylvaril is walking without looking back.

 Passing the corridor which is lined up with stylish interiors, we stand before a splendorous door.

 Now that I look at it, the door still looks in good taste.

 Is it because he looked around the castles throughout the world……?

 I can understand why Zanoba kept praising this castle that day.

 Sylvaril opened that splendorous door.

 "Please advance."

 We entered the audience room on Sylvaril's call.

 The usual scene is spread out there as before.

 A large chandelier as if propped up like a large tree.

 Curtains painted with the crest of the Human Race and the Dragon Race.

 12 men and women wearing masks are standing on both sides of the red velvet carpet.

 The Dragon King with silver hair who sat on the throne.

 Gorgeousness and greatness.

 A scene that will make you forget about its divinity before you even finish talking about it.

 You won't find such an audience room even if you search the entire world.

 And to top it all off with Sylvaril, it becomes perfect………

 ……Huh, there's one person more.

 Ah, Nanahoshi is mixed in.

 What's she trying to do now?

 "So you've come, Rudeus."

 "Yes. I've kept you waiting. Perugius-sama."

 I bow my head while standing.

 Sylphy, Eris, and Zanoba all have fallen to their knees, but I'm just standing.

 I had better fallen to my knees too, but being Orsted's subordinate, I've been constantly taking lesson these days to not lower my back too much.

 Sure enough, Sylvaril was a little offended, but Perugius doesn't seem to mind.

 But he looks displeased today.

 "You've made me wait for quite a bit."

 "……That is because my child had just been born."

 "Arumanfi was telling me that. That's why I waited. I wouldn't have tolerated if it had been a foolish reason."

 As one would expect from a tolerant gentleman.

 But considering that, he looks displeased.

 He has been tapping the armrest on the throne quite restlessly.

 "That expression, this occasion, you seem to know the reason why I summoned you here."

 "Yes."

 "And then with these members, you've resolved yourself to fight unhesitatingly depending in which way the conversation flows."

 "……Yes."

 Perugius is glaring at Orsted with a loathsome face.

 Orsted's face can't be seen with the black helmet on, but he probably has that angry look as usual.

 "However, Perugius-sama, is it a must to fight?"

 "Ho! A must to fight, huh! I see, this is why your speech has such confidence in it!"

 "Who knows, but, there is no reason to fight……Sylphy."

 I told Sylphy to get up and showed the baby held within her breast.

 "Please look at it. This is my 4th child."

 "……What about it?"

 "Everything about it. Did you not speak of it before? To bring the child here if a son is born to Sylphy and me."

 Perugius' movements come to a halt.

 The tapping of the finger came to a halt.

 I don't care, I'll continue.

 "Even Orsted-sama has seen him, but this child isn't Laplace.

 Nevertheless, you won't accept it until you have seen him personally.

 As for me, I thought whether it would be fine to show him or not but, for the sake of Perugius-sama's friendship in the future, I judged that it would be better to let that thought pass for now."

 "……"

 Perugius kept his silence.

 "However, if Orsted-sama had mistaken his judgment and this child turns out to Laplace, then…"

 "……"

 "I will fight."

 Perugius's eyebrows twitched.

 "Weren't you visiting various places for the sake of fighting Laplace 80 years from now?"

 "That's right."

 "So you will fight in order to protect that Laplace?"

 It's contradictory if you say it now.

 If this child is Laplace, then I will protect him.

 All of the things I've done up till now will completely be in vain.

 "After this child matures and if he really causes a war against the Human Race, at that time………I will take it upon myself to deal with the preparations for the sake of that time."

 "Intending to nip the bud, is it?"

 "……Yes."

 If my son is Laplace.

 I think I didn't give it too much thought despite thinking of it as a very scary thing.

 Laplace will wage war 80 years from now.

 For that reason, I went to each nation to appeal to them so that the burden on Orsted becomes lighter as much as possible.

 But wait.

 What if I can stop that war?

 What happens if I recover Laplace's consciousness and stop the war?

 The child has only just born; there is plenty of time for persuasion.

 That is to say, we can carry out training for the sake of the future.

 If we teach Laplace everything so far and everything from now on, he could be treated as Orsted's comrade……

 No.

 Orsted said this.

 That Laplace must be killed.

 It's probably for the sake of obtaining the Dragon Treasure.

 Which means, Orsted will eventually come for my son's life, and that means……

 ……Sheet, aren't all the doors blocked then?

 No, calm down.

 I should be able to see what I want to do if I think in order.

 "I will always stand beside my family. I became Orsted-sama's subordinate because there was a person who hurt my family. If even that Orsted-sama will hurt my family, then I will fight him."

 "Even if your son becomes the cause for that?"

 "……I intend to properly teach him how to judge good and evil.

 The kids are still small, but at least until they become adults………until they become 15 years old, I'll protect them.

 Afterwards, if he still disregards my words…… at that time, I will take responsibility and deal it with myself."

 "Hou, deal with it, huh, how will you 'deal' with it specifically?"

 "……Re-educate him as much as I can."

 As much as I can.

 Not being able to do the duty even though they're kids.

 No…

 "You won't say that you'll……kill him?"

 "Given that no matter what kind of life he lives, if he makes a mistake, then I want to give him a chance to start over."

 I can't say it like that.

 I don't want to say any further than this.

 I don't even want to think about the future where Lucy, Lara, and Arus oppose Orsted and are killed in cold blood.

 But no matter how splendid the training I give them, if the case is no good, then it's no good.

 A person can't be raised as one would expect them to be.

 Given that even I wasn't raised as I expected.

 Even though he's a child, it's impossible to raise him as a different individual would expect.

 That's why I think, I should at least give him a chance.

 It's about finding common ground.

 "I don't have a child of my own. That is why I cannot understand that way of thinking. It's like your way of thinking is 'You reap what you sow’."

 Perugius laughed while saying that.

 "However, in order to protect your wives, you became a foolish person who recklessly challenged Orsted to a fight. It's obvious I can't understand. I can't understand, but……I understand that you have strong faith."

 Perugius descends from his throne and slowly walks towards us.

 And then said.

 A shocking brief comment.

 "I can't understand what kind of misunderstanding you have, but I already knew that the child wasn't Laplace."

 It was until after 5 seconds that we understood his words.

 "………………Ah, is that so?"

 "Arumafi is my eyes.

 I shouldn't be able to mistake him for Laplace.

 The eye color is different. Even his magic capacity isn't much impressive.

 And even that annoying curse isn't there……a curse that can shake the innermost depths of one's heart."

 Which means since the moment of the childbirth scene, he already knew that my child wasn't Laplace, is that it?

 "In other words, this isn't related at all, but did Arumanfi trespass during the private childbirth scene?"

 "I give my apology for that matter. It seems he was unexpectedly summoned during the worst timing. Although if your child had turned out to be Laplace, it would have been either the best timing or a fine ordeal."

 Ehhhh.

 Say that first if it's so.

 What's with that?

 Ehhhh.

 "Let me see."

 Perugius stopped before Sylphy.

 And extended both of his hands towards her.

 "Let me hold that baby as well."

 "……"

 Sylphy hugged Sieg close to her while being vigilant.

 But when I put a hand on her shoulder, she thought a little bit and then handed Sieg over to Perugius.

 Perugius held Sieg gently in his hands.

 Firmly and gently using his hands as if handling a work of art.

 Sieg looked long and hard at Pegius' face.

 "Hrm……green hair and slightly pointed ears. Eyes with a glint, but gives out an affectionate impression, a fine child."

 "T-thank you very much."

 On thanking, Perugius nodded with a 'yeah'.

 "Alright, then let's bestow him with the name 『Saladin』."

 "………Eh?"

 Sylphy looked at Perugius with a blank face.

 "What are you so befuddled about? Didn't you promise before? That if a son is born, I'll name him."

 Did we promise something like that?

 No, but, I think like we did.

 Certainly, I feel like I remember about him incidentally saying to bring him here.

 "But, that, this child is……"

 "No need for thanks, accept it as a modest gift from me."

 Perugius said that arbitrarily, returned Sieg to Sylphy, and then turned back on his heel.

 This child has been pretty much named Sieghart, which is a very fine name.

 What to do?

 I can't reject it now.

 Well it's fine.

 Sieghart Saladin Greyrat.

 The name doesn't sound so poor; it feels powerful.

 Speaking of the name given by Perugius should be prestigious.

 Yup, it's not poor.

 I thought it wasn't bad when I said it.

 "Well then, let's move on to the main subject."

 Perugius said while heavily sitting down on the throne.

 Main subject?

 What was the main subject?

 Ah, that's right.

 Perugius's business was not related to my child - then that means…

 A different errand came up, so he summoned me.

 "Rudeus Greyrat."

 He's looking down on me with a completely different severe gaze than before.

 What is it?

 What did I do now?

 "You bastard, you joined an alliance with Atofe, didn't you?"

 Ah.

 That…

 Perugius and Atofe are on bad terms.

 It would have been better if I had sent a word to Perugius before calling out to Atofe………

 "In spite of the war against Laplace, you went ahead and called out to her first………why didn't you call out to me?"

 "That is, because……"

 "But it's fine. Listening to your faith just now made me feel gratified. I'll ignore it. From the start, I intended to fight against Laplace by myself."

 Is that fine?

 "Therefore, there's just one thing for you to do."

 Perugius jerked his chin and a girl came out before us.

 A girl around the age of 16 years old is wearing a white mask.

 A girl who remained young, and before we noticed, was even younger than even me and Sylphy.

 Nanahoshi Shizuka

 She, who was nonchalantly blended within the 12 subordinates, came out before us and removed her mask.

 And said with a meek face.

 "The magic circle for my repatriation has been completed."

 "I see, finally."

 The answer that came from the back was from Orsted.

 Nanahoshi tightly grasped her fist in front of her bosom after seeing Orsted.

 "Yes. Orsted. Finally……though it's still not perfect yet."

 "So you did it."

 Orsted's words were warm.

 Those were familiar words, but for this reason only, Orsted congratulated her from the bottom of his heart.

 "Yes……Yes!"

 Nanahoshi's voice was getting excited.

 She looked up and stopped her warped face, which was just about to overflow from tears.

 Even I felt like crying.

 Repatriation Teleportation Magic Circle.

 The thing Nanahoshi was craving for.

 It's been 10 odd years since she's been in this world; she has been living up till now for this moment only.

 She only aimed to go back to her home as she overlooked her violent homesickness.

 From a concept to hypothesis and from dismissal to conception again.

 And then putting the technique into practice after the theory is completed and repeating the experiment over and over again.

 It's been almost 5 years since she came to Perugius's place in pursuit of knowledge.

 It's a long time.

 And thus it has finally completed.

 "Rudeus. You might have hated being summoned because you've been busy, right?"

 "No."

 So I was summoned because of Nanahoshi.

 I've certainly been busy these days, but……there's nothing to hate about it.

 I would rather apologize for not being able to help you out up till now.

 "Congratulations about your child."

 "Thank you very much."

 "I was somewhat surprised……you've properly thought things through……"

 Properly…huh?

 I wonder about that.

 It's about me, so I can't help but think that I can't arrive at a conclusion.

 "We need a fairly large magical power for the final experiment. You should be busy with a lot of things, but please lend me your power."

 Nanahoshi bowed her head while saying that.

 Those eyes had power.

 The final step.

 With a face as if she's seen the goal.

 "Of course."

 "It might take 1 or 2 months, are you all right with that?"

 "……It's fine."

 A month, huh.

 I have a motive to refuse, but there's no reason to refuse.

 I want to say that I want her to wait until we defeat Gisu, but I don't want to put it in words that she's an unpleasant person.

 "Thank you very much."

 Nanahoshi again bowed while saying that.

 And then suddenly looked in Sylphy's direction.

 She's still wearing the anxious face.

 Nanahoshi ran towards her and whispered something into her ears.

 Sylphy was shook up with a start, and looked at Nanahoshi with a surprised face.

 Nanahoshi nodded, and Sylphy who was giving glances towards me also nodded.

 "Well then, let's move to the Magic Circle after this."

 I don't know what she talked about, but Nanahoshi declared this.

 The audience was over.

 Part 3

 After that, I gave Perugius one more greeting and left the audience room.

 It had been decided that I will go towards Nanahoshi's lab in order to listen to her difficult explanation.

 "……" 

 When we were walking through the corridor, I was suddenly caught by the hem of my clothes from behind.

 It was Sylphy.

 She was looking down as usual and murmured "Rudi" with a faint voice.

 I silently gave the signal to the others to move along with my eyes.

 I stopped and everybody went away; now with just the two of us, I turned around and put a hand on her shoulder.

 I gently hugged her slender body so as not to crush Sieg.

 "Rudi……sorry, for things. I became slightly anxious. After looking at the green hair, I recalled the old days and pondered what to do after this. I was thinking that maybe this child won't be blessed by others……"

 "It can't be helped. Anyone would become anxious. Even I forgot about thinking up a name for him."

 "Yeah……In addition to this, you were constantly going on trips with Roxy and Eris recently, right? That's why I thought 'Will I have to protect this child alone'……"

 "There is no need for that!"

 When I forcefully denied it, Sylphy was surprised for a moment, but then became shy while laughing.

 "Yeah. I know. I knew. Sorry."

 "Ah, no, it's fine even if you don't apologize……"

 "I just became a little weak."

 Sylphy gently stroked Sieg's hair.

 Sieg had been sleeping for a while now. I wonder when he slept.

 "But it's alright now. For some reason, I was relieved after watching you just now. You said that you will seriously protect them."

 Was there a relief factor somewhere within the me a few minutes ago?

 It was a grand fruitless effort after all; I declared that I intended to train a kid even if it was impossible. I think it was the figure of a fool who gave out a halfhearted answer…

 Anyhow, Sylphy was feeling clear-headed.

 "Um……Sylphiette-san."

 "What is it, Rudeus-san?"

 "Is it alright to get angry at me because I forgot about the naming of our child?"

 "Eeeh……but I'm not really angryyy……if I were to name something, anxiety or despair would be more appropriate.

 Sylphy said while scratching behind her ear.

 That face wasn't gloomy anymore.

 What she's saying was awfully stirring my heart, but at least it's the usual Sylphy.

 "……Ah, I see, it would had been better if I had gotten angry. Let's see, I'll get angry next time. It's no good if you forget about me and our child!"

 "Understood."

 I was scolded with a 'No!'

 At any rate, looks like it's fine now.

 Work and children.

 It's difficult to manage both at the same time.

 If the situation calms down a little after the matter with Gisu gets settled, then I want to look after the kids a bit more.

 "Well, should we go then? You have to help out Nanahoshi too."

 "Ah……now that you mention it, what did she tell you in the end?"

 "It's a secret."

 Sylphy laughed shyly.

 I returned a smile, caught up to everyone, and started walking.

 Along with Sylphy.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
