Volume 22  7 — A Second

Volume 22 Chapter 7: A Second 

 

 Part 1

 Fort Necros, located in the Gaslow region of the Demon Continent.

 Deep within the most impregnable fortress in the Demon Continent, within a dungeon seldom used was a prisoner.

 "Grrrrrrrr…"

 This prisoner had shackles around their hands, balls and chains around their legs, and was wearing pajamas with blue and white stripes. It was a miserable sight.

 "Grrrrrrrrr…"

 The growl resounding throughout the prison was originating from the depths of the prisoner's stomach.

 One might say this sound of displeasure was proof the prisoner did not think of their present situation as comfortable.

 Alternatively, the prisoner was just hungry.

 "Out!"

 Suddenly, the prison door was opened along with two daunting men clad completely in pitch-black armor entering.

 They made the prisoner stand and took them outside the prison, the ball and chains making scraping sounds as they were dragged along.

 Yet the prisoner showed no sign of heeding the balls and chains, apparently having a surprising amount of strength.

 Being lead by the black knights, the criminal exited the prison.

 Past a long corridor and up a passage of stairs, the prisoner had arrived at an audience hall.

 "Hurry up!"

 The prisoner had their back shoved as if receiving a verdict and staggered their way into a circular plaza surrounded by violet candlestands.

 Raising their head, the prisoner saw a throne—the throne that the prisoner once sat upon that a Demon King now did.

 "Atofe…"

 The female Demon King was clad in pitch-black armor.

 The moment the prisoner saw her, the prisoner's face dyed with anger.

 "…What meaning is this?!"

 The prisoner shouted from the bottom of her stomach.

 Maybe due to there being nothing in her stomach, her voice left a strong echo.

 "Hmph, I follow he is who stronger than me! Just like with Laplace and after, that's all!"

 In response, the most feared Demon King on the Demon Continent glared at the criminal, almost becoming irritated.

 "How wretched, Necros would roll over in his grave!"

 "Father said that I should live however I want to!"

 "That is simply because you listen not to what anyone speaks! He merely gave up because you can only live selfishly anyway!"

 "I'm not an idiot!"

 The Demon King roared.

 But the criminal didn't care for her anger, only sneering with an aloof face.

 "You are. You've always been a giant idiot and you even know that. You know that you bite at the bait right in front of your eyes without a thought in the world."

 "I do not! Kalmann said I was clever! He said I had good memory!"

 "Oh, but Atofe…"

 The criminal made a declaration, a declaration to the Demon King using words that shouldn't have been said.

 "It's naught but flattery."

 The Demon King snapped.

 She was hair-raisingly angry. The surrounding black knights clung onto her, but were promptly flung about.

 But the black knights wouldn't succumb, grouping up and stopping the Demon King in her tracks.

 The Demon King flailed her arm about while declaring the death sentence for the prisoner.

 "You b*tch! Die! I'll kill you! Die again!"

 "Heh, heh! Try learning arithmetic or such if it is so irritable."

 "Ugaaaahhh!"

 The criminal further provoked the Demon King, who mustered all her strength and forced back the black knights.

 "Lord Kishirika, please cease this! Please do not provoke Lord Atofe any further!"

 "Shut up! This One followed you lot because you told This One you would feed This One something good and all This One gets is poor treatment! This One shan't feel better until This One has said at least that much!"

 Yes, the criminal had fallen for a trap, deceived.

 She had been lured by the words, "Miss, we'll give you something yummy, so come with us for a moment," by men who had stripped off their trademark black armor, and had fallen into a trap.

 Yes, there was bait dangling right in front of her eyes, she followed along without a thought in the world, and she fell into a pitfall!

 The promise had been broken; the criminal was given nothing delicious of the sort.

 "In the first place, This One has yet to hear the reason why this one has been taken captive! What has This One done?! This One has done no…no…misdeed of the sort?"

 Then, the criminal's hands began to fidget and rub together.

 She had far too many misdeeds that came to mind.

 Thinking about them, the criminal had the delusion that she had done nothing but bad things, her hands stained in wrongdoings.

 It was natural for someone to be angry at her.

 But the Demon King declared.

 "Hmph! You haven't done anything bad!"

 Her anger had settled in just a few seconds. Leaving aside if it were someone else, the Demon King knew there was little meaning in getting angry at this particular criminal.

 "Then for what purpose?! Even you are not so spiteful a person to imprison This One over nothing! The times when you do this are the times when you're mistaken or when you've been deceived by someone…"

 Then, the criminal had realized something.

 "That must be it! You've been tricked by someone again!"

 "You're wrong! I'm not being tricked!"

 "All those deceived speak such! Very well! Tell This One everything about it! There's still time left before it is unrecoverable and This One shall help. So won't you take these manacles off…?"

 The criminal presented her manacles in front of her.

 The Demon King, in response, faced the fading day after tomorrow.

 "Deception is done through conversation, but that isn't what we did. We fought—we fought each other. After the battle, I admitted defeat."

 "You lie! As if someone who hates losing as much as you would admit defeat openly!"

 "The man I lost to and recognize…is him!"

 The Demon King pointed.

 There…was a magician wearing a grey robe with an evil expression.

 It was a lecherous face that looked like he had 3 women serving upon him.

 Alternatively, it was also likely the man was just smiling with all his might.

 "Y-You are…Rubens!"

 "Close, but not quite."

 "C-Certainly with the amount of mana you possess, even Atofe might…"

 The criminal was overcome with terror.

 She had met this magician just two times in the past.

 The first time they had met, she had laughed at his disgusting amount of mana, and the second time, she had laughed at the magic power that could repel a Demon King.

 There was no laughing the third time.

 She couldn't laugh at the man who made Atofe submit and at the man who captured her.

 "Heh heh…"

 The magician laughed while quietly overlooking her.

 "Truth is, there's something I want to give you, you see…"

 "W-W-W-What is it, a requiem?"

 "Heh heh heh, it's something much better."

 The magician was brimming with joy and made a bright smile.

 "Th-Th-This One will be tricked not! Humans always do such! They try to trick This One by using sweet words!"

 The criminal offered resistance, but there was no escape.

 Her voice was trembling and she was holding down her groin that was on verge of losing control while seeking refuge in a fluster.

 "Let's see if you can still say that after seeing this."

 The magician lowered the bag that was on his back and reached a hand inside.

 What came out was a black box.

 "Eek…!"

 A small shriek leaked from the prisoner's throat.

 A deep black box!

 Just imagining what could be in such a black box thoroughly stoked the criminal's fears.

 What in the world could be in it?

 No matter what it is, it's a deep black box.

 There was no doubt something inconceivably horrific was inside!

 Because it's black!

 "Once you take this, you'll want to do anything I say."

 "Wh-What…!?"

 He opened the box.

 In there were rings the size of a fist, tighly packed inside.

 The rings were yellow with a white something sticking to them like mold.

 This eerie sight, dangerous color, and sweet aroma drifting from them caused the criminal's hair to stand on end.

 "Wh-What are those…? What do you intend to do with them…?!"

 "Heh heh, these, you see, are for this."

 The magician picked one out by the hand and drew it near Kishirika's mouth.

 Simultaneously, two black knights seized the criminal so that she couldn't move a muscle.

 "Say 'ahh'."

 "S-St… St… Stop iiiit!!!"

 --- Rudeus' POV ---

 Kishirika Kishirisu, the Great Empress of the Demon Realm, was crying while eating the donuts I brought.

 "So such a wonderful thing existed in the world, these wonders…!"

 They were donuts made with eggs and sugar procured from the Holy Country of Milis.

 The producer: Aisha Greyrat.

 A while back, she had heard from Nanahoshi that there was a food like this and had taught herself how to make them.

 Our meals at home are made using plenty of oil, so gathering the ingredients was simple.

 "This One knows not what to say…! Mayhaps This One was born to happen upon this flavor…!"

 Kishirika had looked like she was in a bad mood when she arrived in the audience hall, but it looked long cured by now.

 Must be the magic of donuts.

 When were having the donuts sampled, Roxy had tried some too and the result was exceptional.

 I'm not sure I've ever seen Roxy look so happy before.

 I, at least, can't make her produce such a happy-looking expression.

 No, I was the one who made the route to Milis to replenish stocks. Therefore, it could be said I was the cause of that happy expression.

 Father-in-law, Mother-inlaw, I'm making Roxy very happy. With donuts that Aisha made.

 Regardless, donuts have the magic power to render demons powerless.

 "Oh…"

 But that magic power was limited since the magic worked on a number of casts system.

 Kishirika had finished eating 12 donuts and was making a sorrowful expression.

 "Is there no more…?"

 "There isn't."

 "…If you were to give This One a second helping, This One would grant anything you desire."

 "Those are the words I wanted to hear.”

 I spoke with a smile, and Kishirika made an expression of realization and tightly embraced her own body.

 "Kh… So you're after This One's body… No matter how many delicious things you feed This One, This One's body is Badi's… But being allowed to eat such deliciousness… Kh!"

 "I'm abstinent for the time being, so I'll pass."

 "I see… Enduring it does not do wonders for one's body, you know?"

 "Even if I were unable to endure it, I would ask my wives."

 "Wives? Ohh, is that so. You were already married. Goodness gracious, humans grow so quick…"

 Now then, for the issue at hand.

 I came here today just to ask this.

 Since Kishirika will reward whoever gives her food, I went out of the way to have donuts made.

 "To start, I wish for you to find a man named Gisu using your power."

 "Hoh, Gisu…"

 "Yes, his characteristics are—"

 I told Kishirika Gisu's detailed characteristics and what was thought to be his real name that was written in the letter.

 "Hrmm, I feel like I've heard about this fellow somewhere… One moment."

 Kishirika, her mouth still dirty, began moving her eyes around.

 Her eyes were transforming like a clattering slot machine and suddenly stopped at a certain moment.

 They were one of Kishirika's magic eyes, Clairvoyance.

 She examined the air with them and began viewing somewhere else with a frown.

 "Hoh… Hm… That… Oh, looks good…"

 Kishirika mumbled, her gaze roaming.

 And once again, at a certain timing, Kishirika came to a sudden halt.

 "Found him."

 It was in no time at all.

 "The Kingdom of Bihaeril, the eastern tip of the northern lands. He is speaking with someone in a forest… Good gracious, such a villainous face…"

 Kishirika bent even more forward while letting out an 'Ihihi' laughter.

 "Now then, he is speaking to… Hm?"

 Instantly, Kishirika's expression dimmed.

 "I can't see anymore."

 Kishirika made a serious expression, a complete change from a moment ago and she closed her eyes.

 She faced toward the sky while keeping her eyes closed, as if resting them.

 But after a short while, she slowly opened them.

 "This feeling… That must be it. The one you are fighting against currently is Hitogami…isn't it?"

 In a complete contrast to her usual self, she was giving off a quiet impression almost like a different person.

 "That's right."

 "To fight Hitogami means, in other words, you are follower to the Dragon God, are you not?"

 "…Right."

 "Hrrmmm…"

 Kishirika folded her arms and tightened her jaw.

 It was a forced thinking pose.

 Several seconds later, she again looked up at the sky as if gazing at the moon.

 Although currently it was noon, the weather was good; only clouds were passing by.

 "And Atofe, you are following this man?"

 "Yeah."

 "Then…mayhaps this is divine will."

 There wasn't a trace left of her usual playful atmosphere, almost like a sage.

 I wonder how that happened.

 Did the donuts go down the wrong pipe…?

 "Lord Kishirika, you know of Hitogami?"

 "Indeed. This One has history with him… Honestly, This One thought the connection was already gone."

 "History you say?"

 "Tis nothing much. A mere 4,200 years ago, This One was used—both This One and Badi, by Hitogami who wanted to kill Laplace."

 4,200 years ago…?

 Ah, around the Second Human-Demon War.

 "If I recall, the Fighting God and Dragon God had fought."

 "Indeed. Badi, clad in the Fighting God armor in order to protect me, fought with Laplace, the Demon Dragon King."

 "Huh… His Majesty Badigadi had?"

 I suppose the truth just revealed could be called shocking.

 So the man behind the Fighting God was Badigadi…?

 Orsted never told me anything like that.

 "The Fighting God armor being lost is an old tale… However, best be cautious if Badigadi appears. Even now, a part of him feels indebted to that damn Hitogami. Mayhaps he will rally with the enemy."

 "…Understood."

 It's not that I want to fight with the cheerful Demon King.

 But him becoming an enemy is something I need to keep in mind…

 If possible, I want him to have long forgotten this debt and become my ally.

 "Well, for someone who has turned Atofe ally, This One believes you should be able to deal with the current Badi, but please kill him not if you can help it."

 Badigadi is Atofe's little brother and engaged to Kishirika. They're family.

 Demons may be big-hearted, but I doubt they would sit back and be quiet over family being killed regardless of the circumstances.

 "Very well. To begin with, I don't think I could kill him so simply, honestly."

 "Indeed. Tenacity is the saving grace for immortal demons, so has it."

 Kishirika said, glancing at Atofe.

 Atofe was making a confident expression, but I think that it probably wasn't a compliment.

 "Also…come just a bit closer."

 Kishirika beckoned.

 Lured by that, I approached her.

 She had her hand close to her mouth, so it was likely a secret conversation.

 "Move your face just a little closer."

 "What is it—"

 "Here, Sploosh."

 Kishirika suddenly thrust her fingers into my left eye and I felt a sharp pain.

 "Gighaaaahh!!"

 I reflexively tried to escape to behind, but Kishirika had a hold on my hair and I couldn't.

 I'm wearing the Mark II Magic Armor, so why can't I escape!?

 It hurts, it hurts!

 Oh, actually, it's probably best to…not run from this.

 "Oh? You became docile."

 I accepted Kishirika's action.

 It did hurt, and was giving me a splitting headache.

 I understood what she was doing by suddenly shoving in her finger and fiddling around.

 It's the second time, after all.

 "It's over."

 Finally, Kishirika pulled out her fingers.

 Pain still remained in the eye as well as a sense of blindness.

 But I understood all too well that I didn't lose my eyesight.

 "One gift in exchange for something delicious is This One's personal rule."

 "…"

 "This eye makes the second."

 I was kneeling before Kishirika on one knee while holding the eye that was in pain.

 "This One has no concern in this battle, but This One has just a slight history with Hitogami. This one is a freebie and farewell gift."

 I took off my hand and my vision was doubled, and as if one eye had been left in the palm of my hand; it was seeing completely different scenery.

 It made my head hurt.

 "Clairvoyance. An eye only for seeing the distant, but This One is sure you'll find use of it."

 Clairvoyance, huh?

 I promptly closed my right eye and gathered mana in my left eye.

 Adjusting the mana just like when using the Foresight Eye, I tried to see far away.

 I was overlooking Fort Necros's entrance from the audience hall.

 There, a black knight had his helmet off and was scratching the top of his head.

 I moved my sight even more.

 When I gathered mana, the sky soared through my vision.

 Like a camera that can zoom in endlessly, I steadily kept soaring.

 I could see a crater, and in the crater was a town, but I couldn't see the entirety of the town.

 I put in more mana to view ever further, but stopped at a mountain.

 I could view the fine details of the mountain rocks, and a Great King Land Tortoise yawning, but that was all.

 When there's an obstacle in the path, my gaze will be obstructed there.

 Ceasing the flow of mana, my sight returned to my original position.

 All it can do is simply view far away.

 I can't call it easy to use even in flattery, but it's by no means bad.

 "This One is sure the you at present can even accustom yourself to using two magic eyes simultaneously."

 "Thank you very much."

 I expressed my gratitude to her in honesty.

 "Indeed. Well then, Rudeus! If you find yourself troubled again, you may rely on This One! As long as it has naught to do with Hitogami, I will aid you!"

 Kishirika took off her manacles and cut the chains attached to her legs with a chop.

 Moreover, she ripped off her blue-striped pajamas, returning to her usual bondage outfit.

 Then, she made a powerful jump.

 "Farewell! This One—Bfh!?"

 Kishirika landed face-first.

 Because Atofe had a tight hold on her leg.

 "Hold it."

 "What is it? You even interrupted This One's outstandingly cool exit scene."

 Kishirika glared at Atofe while blood poured out of her nose.

 Atofe undauntedly looked down over Kishirika.

 "Listen to my request."

 "What is this? This One won't listen to the person who suddenly captured This One and tossed This One into a prison. Hands off, shoo, shoo."

 Kishirika wiped her nosebleed while shooing Atofe away with her other hand.

 But, Atofe showed no mind to this and grabbed Kishirika by the collar.

 The bondage outfit was stretched tight and the apex of Kishirika's small breasts were exposed to all.

 Oohh!

 No, Rudeus the Abstinent won't be tempted by such a… Kh!

 "Tell me where Earl and Alex are. Rudeus needs strong men, right? They should be able to prove their worth."

 "Uhm, This One told Rudeus but a moment ago…moreover, This One even gave him a magic eye as a special service… Any more is out of the question."

 Earl and Alex.

 I wonder who they are.

 I'm sure they'll have some use since Atofe is saying so, though…

 "Tell me."

 "This~ One~ doesn't~ wanna~"

 But Kishirika wasn't listening.

 Still, I learned Gisu's location.

 I may not know what he's up to, but even if it's an unreasonable request, I want to increase my allies.

 The more allies, the better.

 Unreasonable…?

 Ah, that's right.

 I had this, didn't I?

 I recalled the existence of the sinister skull ring on my finger—Randolph's ring.

 "Miss Kishirika, Miss Kishirika. Please take a look at this."

 "Oh? What's this? This One finds it familiar, but where…"

 "It's 'Randolph's wish'."

 "Hm… Oh, Randolph! This One has remembered! That is that fellow's ring!"

 Kishirika's reaction was dramatic.

 To be specific, her complexion went deathly pale.

 "Yes, yes, his wish… Because This One has become indebted to him, because This One is extremely indebted to him… Why is that each time he aids This One, "You can just eventually repay me, eventually, kuhuhuhu," with that laugh… Each time This One sees that smile, This One trembles in fear over what he might request…"

 "You'll be even with this."

 "Truly?! For true! Then, but a moment!"

 Kishirika again stared into the air.

 The search time took only a few seconds.

 What a handy search engine she is.

 "Earl I cannot tell. I believe he is somewhere around Asura, but whether he is in an area with dense mana or using a Magic Eye Seal, it is blurred. Alex is walking upon a road… His course leads him to the Kingdom of Bihaeril."

 Bighaeril again…

 Is this coincidence?

 Atofe nodded in approval over the part I was thinking about.

 "I see, then just perfect. Rudeus, if you head to Bihaeril, search for a man named Alexander. He should be helpful."

 "What kind of person is he?"

 "He's Kalmann III, the North God!"

 Ohh, Kalmann III the North God!

 He's one of the people I had thought of calling out to if I found him.

 So his name was Alexander? I was under the impression his name was Kalmann.

 …Huh?

 But wait, why is he going to Bihaeril?

 Why to where Gisu is?

 Is it coincidence…?

 Sounds like a trap.

 Yep, it's a trap.

 "Alright, is that all? This One is going now, ok? No one will grab This One's legs, waist, or shoulders, right? Then, farewell! Fahahahaha! Fahahahahaha! Faha Faha Faahaahaa!"

 While I was worried and Atofe was standing behind me with her arms folded, she left behind a Doppler effect and the loud laughter disappeared into the distance.

 Was getting caught on purpose?

 As ever, she's a person like the tempest.

 Regardless, I've obtained Gisu's whereabouts and Clairvoyance.

 Part 2

 I bid farewell to Atofe and returned to Sharia.

 I've caught wind of where Gisu is, but at the same time, I also obtained information that North God Kalmann III, one of the Seven World Powers, is heading toward the same place.

 All I have is a bad premonition about it.

 Then, what to do?

 Should I move to speak to the Sword God?

 Would it be best to move out before Gisu can speak to Kalmann III, make Kalmann an ally, and quickly defeat him?

 The latter is better for removing enemies and increasing allies, but if Gisu perceives my coming, he'll just run right away.

 Since not running would mean he already has his fighting force in order, the former would be better.

 Hmm…

 I should still scout it out first.

 In addition, I should prevent escape, arrange a force, and corner him with certainty.

 It's a pity Kishirika had gone.

 Were she here, I would have a more detailed account on the situation.

 I suppose I couldn't just somehow keep that handy search engine around forever.

 With these thoughts in mind, I had made it home.

 "Oh, welcome back nya."

 "You came back at the perfect time-nano."

 There were two unusual people here, Rinia and Pursena.

 They were sitting on my home's living room sofa as if they owned the place.

 No, that's not actually accurate.

 Sitting as if she owned the place was Eris.

 Rinia and Pursena had their heads placed on Eris's lap and were being caressed behind their ears.

 They were completely and utterly docile.

 "Welcome back."

 "Thank you."

 Eris, upon seeing me, did not stop her hand and continued stroking.

 "Boss, I have a report nya."

 "And it's good news-nano!”

 The two said while not getting up.

 They were purring like they were extremely comfortable.

 They've already been completely tamed, it seems.

 "Here-nano."

 Pursena, still lying down, passed me a piece of paper.

 What an attitude…

 I don't actually mind, though.

 "A report came from the east nya. 'A demon with green hair that was the spitting image of the doll, with a jewel on his forehead—a Supard was sighted'… That's what's written on it nya."

 "Oh, at last!"

 I took the paper and read through it.

 On it was written a concise report of the finding.

 It looks like a certain country's trader had done business with a man.

 Near him was a stick with a white handle wrapped in a cloth and he wore a metal-plated headband.

 He was clad in a heavy robe and wore his hood low, but having gotten a glimpse under the robe due to a strong wind, the man was wearing something like a native dress identical to the dolls'.

 Apparently he had bought medicine while trying to avoid attention.

 They didn't know what kind of medicine he purchased, but his appearance resembled Ruijerd's.

 "…What?"

 Having read to the end, my eyes stopped on the final line.

 'Location sighted: The Kingdom of Bihaeril, half a day west from the second largest town of Irell. A village near the Land Dragon Forest Valley.'

 Bihaeril.

 Hearing it three times in one day, even someone as dense as me will get it.

 "So that's how it is…"

 Gisu, North God Kalmann III, and Ruijerd.

 It can't be a coincidence at this stage.

 Something is definitely about to happen in the Kingdom of Bihaeril.

 Or rather, Gisu is trying to make something happen.

 Even this letter might be a trap laid by Gisu.

 Maybe he will use Ruijerd as a shield, or just maybe even Ruijerd has been made an enemy.

 It's too early to tell, but there is one thing I do know.

 If there is a possibility that Ruijerd will be exposed to danger, even if Ruijerd is being used as bait to lure me in, then I have to go.

 The preparatory phase is over.

 The time for the decisive battle has come.

 (End of volume 22)

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
