Volume 23  6 — Plague

Volume 23 Chapter 6: Plague

 

 Part 1

 If Vita were to die, the progression of the plague will restart.

 I was told in advance, but to think that it would be this extreme…

 Perhaps Vita wasn’t delaying the progression of the disease, but had merely paralyzed it.

 The paralysis was undone when he possessed me and then died, resulting in the disintegration of his fissions.

 As a result, the symptoms surfaced all at once……or something like that.

 ‘I brought Vita down’, I’m not going to say that.

 That was a suicide bombing.

 I’m relieved that someone with the same level of stupidity was on Hitogami’s side, but I can’t be relieved about the present situation.

 “Rudeus-dono!”

 Unaware of what to do about the suffering Ruijerd, brooding over whether or not there was anything I could do, I suddenly rushed out of the house only to find Sándor running up to me.

 “Sándor-san!”

 “So you’ve finally awoken, just moments ago the people of the village suddenly started collapsing, just what on earth is going on?”

 “Dark King Vita has fallen. The progress of the plague may have been affected as a result of that.”

 “Eh!? When? Where did you defeat the Dark King!?”

 “Just now, he selfishly chose defeat!”

 It’s fine either way.

 “Please give a full explanation!”

 “Well……”

 I started explaining.

 What I heard from Ruijerd last night.

 How Vita was transferred to me through oral contact, how I was shown illusions, and how the Death God’s ring defeated him.

 “………I understand. In other words, the Dark King challenged you but the tables turned on him, and that……Ruijerd-dono was just being manipulated, right?”

 “………I didn’t realize it until I woke up, but if he had been an enemy, he wouldn’t have carried me to the village.”

 “Got it.”

 “Next, a question from my side. Just how many are there?”

 “For now, have whoever is mobile go and recover those who were out hunting.

 “I also intend to give those same people the order to defend the entrance.”

 As expected of Sándor, he works quickly.

 It hasn’t been very long since the spread of the disease, he’s excellent.

 “And Doga?”

 “Doga is assembling the sick people at one place.”

 I turned my gaze to see Doga noisily running while carrying a woman in his arms.

 And as if to chase him, the children of the Supard race were following him with concerned looks on their faces.

 They’re probably headed towards……the chieftain’s lecture hall.

 It is the largest building here, so it’s perfect.

 According to Doga, there are no deceased yet.

 But more than half of the people, just like Ruijerd, are experiencing symptoms to the point of immobility.

 “Rudeus-dono, what should we do?”

 “……What to do.”

 I find myself at a loss for words being asked what to do.

 This situation.

 What must be done?

 The village is being invaded by the plague.

 We must do something to cure them.

 Therefore, right, detoxification magic.

 But I just tried it on Ruijerd.

 Obviously, there wasn’t any effect.

 It’s not that I was able to use every form of healing magic, but I feel as if the possibility of detoxification magic not having any effect is very high.

 Since there are many such diseases and poisons.

 If detoxification magic won’t work, then I should leave it to the disease specialist.

 Although I say that, who fits that description?

 Should I ask Ariel to make preparations for a doctor?

 But the one who is the most knowledgeable about diseases is Orsted.

 But Orsted, and the Supard race……

 No, let’s just try and ask him.

 First of all, a means of communication.

 Three days left until the establishment of the magic formation……

 No, I knew something like this would happen, so I had already prepared a teleportation magic formation in the basement of the office in advance.

 Let’s install the Communication Lithograph and magic formation in this village as well.

 I’ll teleport to the office and report to Orsted about the current situation.

 I’ll also report to the branches, from the main office, the condition of the Supard race.

 If all of that was useless……we’ll think about that when the time comes.

 Alright.

 “We should set up a teleportation magic formation in the village, move to the office, from there contact the branches, and thus call for someone capable of a medical examination.”

 “Roger. Then I shall defend the village and nurse the patients.”

 “Please do.”

 We quickly exchanged words, and then I hurried towards the end of the village.

 Since we’re inside a deep forest, the concentration of magic is high.

 A teleportation magic formation can be set up without the need of any magic crystals.

 Just to be sure, I should bring what’s needed for the lithograph and set it up in the village.

 While deeply thinking about that, I headed towards the other side of the village.

 Exiting out of the fence, cutting down the trees with magic to make an open space, I then made a hut with earth magic.

 A hut with no entrance.

 I dug a tunnel from beneath the hut and connected it with the inside of village. With this, the monsters won’t come.

 I took out my memo and verified the magic formula with compliance to the preliminaries of the magic formation.

 Now to make sure that the drawing doesn’t vanish from the floor, I created a lithograph from magic and drew upon it.

 Impatience is a taboo.

 If I make the slightest mistake, the magic formation won’t be completed.

 Rather than wasting time debugging, I want to make it work in one go if I can.

 When you're in a hurry, that's when you should calm down.

 “Ah, damn……”

 Or so I was thinking. I ended up making a small mistake.

 “Fuu……”

 Deep breaths.

 Composing myself, I decided to draw it slower than I normally do.

 A plain magic formation with a diameter of 2 meters.

 If I draw it hastily, I will make a mistake.

 Carefully drawing.

 I’ve drawn the teleportation magic formation myself many times over.

 I should have the confidence to draw it accurately from the start.

 With that in mind I calmed myself, and I carefully finished drawing the teleportation magic formation.

 “How is it?”

 I pour my magic into it as soon as it was completed.

 The entirety of the drawn magic formation is poured with my magic. On which it began emitting a dim light. It’s a success.

 “Alright.”

 I immediately jumped on it.

 Part 2

 After my consciousness disappeared for an instant, the basement of the office appeared in front of me.

 Normal operation of the magic formation was confirmed.

 And at the same time, I set out for the door at a quick pace.

 Not even abiding by the written message 『Those who have business with Orsted and Rudeus. This way.』 , I go towards the upper levels.

 I come out of the basement, which is adjacent to the teleportation magic formation room, and ascend the stairs to enter the lobby.

 “Ah, chairman, welcome ba----”

 “Is the president here!?”

 To my threatening attitude, the receptionist twitched her ears. While lowering them, with a slightly frightened look, she gave an answer.

 “H-he’s here.”

 Without hearing her words, I continued towards the president’s office and opened the door before she’s finished.

 I passed through the corridor, which was rather short, and opened the door to his office.

 I thought of myself as not that rude, but I forgot to knock.

 As a result, I saw Orsted without his helmet on.

 “Orsted-sama.”

 “…………”

 Orsted was showing a seemingly awkward-ish face,

 But he didn’t hide it and was looking straight at me.

 When I stared at it for several seconds, it seemed like he was saying ‘Do you have any problems?’, to which I felt my anger swell up.

 I know that this was not the time to get angry.

 Still, the words that came out of my mouth were demanding, distracted by my irritation.

 “Say, the Supard Race’s illness, were you aware of it?”

 “I was aware of it.”

 “And a way to cure it?”

 “There is none.”

 I was told bluntly.

 It wasn’t that he didn’t know but there was none.

 “If you had told me sooner, I should have been able to at least search for a cure. Why didn’t you tell me about it sooner?”

 As I said that, Orsted shook his head.

 “When you became my subordinate, the Supard race was supposed to have already perished.”

 “Supposed……are you talking about if it were the usual loops?”

 “That’s right. And Ruijerd Supardia never even got to meet the surviving Supard race.”

 They were supposed to have already perished, that’s why he didn’t say anything.

 Ruijerd was normally unrelated to that event.

 Since he was reminded of that as a possibility, he didn’t say anything, is that how it is?

 “But you visited them a few years back, correct?”

 “……Yes.”

 “At that time, you found the Supard race, got in contact with Ruijerd, confirmed that a plague was spreading and yet, you kept quiet?”

 “That’s right.”

 “If you had kept quiet then the Supard race would perish and Ruijerd too would disappear. Since I wouldn’t know, you gave up, is that what you thought!”

 Before I realized it, I was shouting.

 I felt like I was betrayed.

 “Wrong. I thought it was a waste of time.”

 “A waste of……time?”

 “That’s right. Even I tried to save the Supards.

 I tried every detoxification magic, gave them medicine that would likely cure them, I tried everything.

 But they weren’t cured. That plague can’t be cured.”

 So Orsted tried everything that he could think of?

 “The ruin of the Supards was a pre-determined fact for me. But you wouldn’t give up if you knew, and would possibly look after them until their ruin.”

 “That is……of course.”

 But, two years ago……or even before then?

 As for the timing, possibly after that one assignment in Shirone Kingdom, unaware of the location of Laplace’s rebirth, I proposed assembling war potential.

 At that time, if I had been told about the Supards, I would have been running around thinking of how to tackle the situation.

 At least, I wouldn’t have been able to do all the work this past year.

 I wouldn’t have been able to call out to Atofe, Randolf, and the rest of the demon kings.

 Or perhaps I wouldn’t have even gone to Milis.

 It’s also possible that I would be unaware of Gisu being an apostle.

 “But, deciding whether it’s a waste of time is…I…then, no……it might be……”

 I understand the reason.

 But my heart can’t catch up yet.

 A good excuse doesn’t come to mind.

 This time, Orsted hadn’t forgotten.

 He just didn’t say it.

 He intentionally schemed so to not let me help the Supard race.

 Even though I understand the reason, I cannot, at any cost, forgive him.

 Orsted tried to let my benefactor die without any help.

 Orsted is like that, so it can’t be helped.

 Even though such words come forth normally.

 I can’t forgive him.

 Not good.

 At this rate, I'll think of Orsted as an enemy.

 In the midst of such an operation.

 With the enemy in Biheiril Kingdom, while everyone’s there……

 An excuse, I must think of an excuse……an excuse to forgive Orsted.

 “………Is Ruijerd a hindrance to your plans?”

 Those were the words that came out.

 Words that don’t go with the flow of conversation.

 If this was to be true, then what would I intend to do?

 But Orsted said this.

 “He’s not a hindrance. His daughter, who is going to fight Laplace, is the most important piece.”

 “His daughter? How is she important?”

 “Laplace, who has become a Demon God, is immortal. But he has a weak point. The Supards, with their third eye, are the only ones who can see it and deal the fatal blow.”

 The only ones who can take advantage of the Demon God’s weak point are the Supards.

 “Ah.”

 Then, something suddenly struck me.

 The reason why Laplace transferred his curse to the Supards to destroy them.

 The reason why Ruijerd, who inferior in fighting strength against Laplace, was able to put a blow on him during the fight of the three demon slaying heroes; to the point where even Perugius expresses his gratitude.

 The reason why the Supard race was struck with the plague.

 The reason why the plague was slower than expected, but progressed after Ruijerd’s arrival.

 ……The reason I travelled together with Ruijerd to the Central Continent.

 “So……it’s Hitogami.”

 Strength leaves my body.

 Unsteady on my feet, I step back.

 Something caught my foot and I sat in a chair.

 Putting my weight on the armrest, the chair stopped sliding.

 “In the original history, Ruijerd-san survived, correct?”

 “Yes.”

 “Since he didn’t die on the way, he created a child at the end, correct?”

 “Yes.”

 “Orsted-sama, you would make use of that child to defeat Laplace, correct?”

 “In the beginning, yes. After I learned that Laplace is mortal the moment he’s born, I didn’t use her or anything.”

 “Is that so.”

 Then, this is also one of Hitogami’s plans.

 I see.

 And now, this time he coordinated in order to erase me……huh.

 Aiming to kill two birds with one stone, a strategy most befitting of Hitogami.

 “Orsted-sama. Looks like we’re being manipulated at the hands of Hitogami again.”

 “…………………”

 “The ruin of the Supards, the rampancy of the plague isn’t a natural phenomenon, it’s Hitogami’s work.

 Looks like it’s convenient for Hitogami as long as Demon God Laplace is alive.”

 Rather than the Demon Dragon King, Laplace who became the Demon God is no harm to him.

 Since he has forgotten about Hitogami anyway.

 On the contrary, he’s destroying the humans.

 Unexpectedly, it’s possible that during Laplace’s military campaign, he himself was being manipulated by Hitogami.

 I don’t think he could manipulate the dragon race directly, possibly through an apostle.

 “Haa……”

 I somehow felt refreshed because of this unexpected result.

 Orsted didn’t talk about the Supards. Well, that’s still lurking in the back of my mind though.

 Even if I direct my anger towards Orsted here, there won’t be any agreement anyway.

 It will only delight Hitogami.

 He’ll just laugh with a broad grin while saying ‘Just as planned.’

 “…………”

 It didn’t occur to me before, but I thought up of a good excuse as a result of feeling refreshed.

 Unaware of a method to cure the plague, thinking that they were already doomed, Orsted neglected them.

 Before, he thought that the ruin of the Supard race was not related to the life and death of Ruijerd.

 He may also be thinking of Ruijerd’s whereabouts.

 But then he thought ‘perhaps’ and went to see it for himself, only to find Ruijerd there.

 Moreover, Ruijerd had gotten infected as well.

 He didn’t know how to tell me about this, perhaps it might even be better to not tell me. He couldn’t help but think that.

 “How did you intended to defeat Laplace without the Supards?”

 “Using the Godsword is not that absurd of a choice. I can’t avoid a hard fight, but you’re currently assembling comrades, so we’ll somehow pull through.”

 “But if I recall correctly, that Godsword? Using it takes a lot of mana, doesn’t it?”

 “You can’t substitute your back for your belly.”

 On top of that, Orsted intended to take responsibility as a penalty.

 “I thought about apologizing to you. But I couldn’t speak, and now it took this shape. It was inexcusable.”

 Orsted said that and bowed his head in apology.

 “……I understand.”

 Orsted isn’t perfect.

 These things may also happen.

 Let’s just forgive him with a big heart.

 “Orsted-sama, I’ll forgive you only for this time.”

 “Yes.”

 With this, it’s settled.

 All~right, let’s face forward.

 That is, for now.

 “I’m just making sure, but you do need mana to defeat Hitogami, yes?”

 “Yes.”

 Hitogami prevented the specific place in the Shirone Kingdom where Laplace would revive.

 Moreover, he tried to exterminate the Supard race’s last survivor by letting Ruijerd find the Supard village; Ruijerd who is the key to defeating Laplace.

 If the entire Supard race is exterminated, then Laplace can be thrown at Orsted.

 Orsted, in order to defeat Laplace, will have to use a large amount of mana.

 This should be the winning move for Hitogami.

 We’ll crush that winning move.

 We better not use the Godsword then.

 Avoiding fights as much as possible, and minimizing mana consumption as well.

 I will assemble the war potential in order to bring down Laplace, making Orsted’s mana explode during the fight with Hitogami.

 But for that purpose, the Supard race, who are a key point in defeating Laplace, must be kept alive.

 “I’ve heard it already, but there isn’t any method to cure them, right?”

 “…………At the very least, I have no knowledge.”

 “Although you say that, there are things even you don’t know of, eh?”

 “That’s……right.”

 Orsted said that and wore his frightening face as usual.

 I’ve grown accustomed to that angry look these days.

 This is the face when he’s ashamed.

 “Then perhaps there just might be a method. Let’s struggle for a bit more.”

 Even Orsted might not have been able to try many methods, because of his curse.

 He should’ve been able to do something, but couldn’t because of the current state of his curse.

 Then, we should try and do it.

 “Got it……I’ll head towards the village as well.”

 Orsted said that and nodded.

 Part 3

 We came back to the village after three hours.

 During that time, I reported about my encounter with Dark King Vita.

 I explained Vita’s suicide bombing by the Death God’s ring, to which Orsted hid his surprised face by instead showing an angry look.

 By looking at his face, it seemed he didn't know about Vita’s possessing power.

 Maybe it was truly a great insurance.

 After that, we used the Communication Lithograph and contacted the branches.

 About the nature of the disease of the Supard race, and arrangements for a doctor.

 The number of C.L was too high, so it took time contacting every branch by transmission.

 The functionality of a carbon copy is necessary.

 While I was waiting for the reply to my message, I drew the preliminary sketch of an additional teleportation magic circle.

 To set up a teleportation magic circle, you first have to draw two. After confirming the activation, you erase wherever you had written the other down. There is a need to go through this process.

 There is no need to charge it now, but when it is used, it has to be charged thoroughly.

 The receptionist’s job was to stand by at the office; during Orsted’s absence, she would answer the mail and guide anyone who comes through the teleportation magic circle.

 These days, the teleportation magic circles have grown so much that it’s becoming difficult to remember which is connected to which. A guide map may be necessary for first time guests rather than me and Orsted.

 I should also write down where to move in the forest after getting teleported.

 By the way, Sylphy had already left to the Holy Land of Swords with Ghyslaine and Izolte.

 During that time, Ariel visited as well and had a talk with Sylphy.

 The receptionist and Orsted didn’t hear any details, but there wasn’t a message left, which meant that she just came to visit for a while.

 Because I had that kind of dream, I may become a little self-conscious if I met her.

 I don’t want to blush in front of Sylphy while looking at Ariel.

 After that, the establishment of the teleportation magic circle and communication lithograph by everyone else who went to Biheiril Kingdom had been confirmed.

 Everything was operating favourably.

 It looks like the others are doing well too.

 I contacted them as well.

 There’s no problem with Aisha+Mercenary group.

 Zanoba reported about a subjugation force being assembled in the capital city.

 Roxy reported about investigating the whereabouts of Ogre God.

 I sent them messages regarding the present situation.

 At the end, I added『We’ll somehow manage over here, so please carry on with your respective duties.』

 If I don’t, I can expect Eris flying to me.

 Then, there were a lot of favourable replies from many countries.

 A lot of countries gave the reply 『We’ll investigate about the disease from past documents.』

 Asura Kingdom was ready to send over a doctor by tomorrow.

 The only reply that’s left is the one from Milis, regarding reinforcements.

 Sending in the Temple Knight Party via teleportation magic circle is rather difficult, so it’s discouraged.

 At any rate, the reply from Milis is late nonetheless.

 Anyhow, after doing all of that, I came back to the village.

 Together with Orsted.

 “………”

 Orsted is currently looking at the fallen Supards one by one.

 He probably has better medical knowledge than the average doctor, but he still couldn’t understand the cause for the disease, so it’s not like he would understand it at this stage.

 In the first place, he’s not a doctor.

 He may have tried to cure some diseases in the previous loops, but never had actually medically treated someone.

 If pushed, I’d say it’s like a RPG errand event.

 On X day of X month, Rudeus becomes sick.

 Rudeus, on X day of X month will die, so we must cure him before then.

 At this point, you do not know the cure.

 However, before that time comes, we come to know that Sylphiette-chan is experiencing the same disease.

 And then Sylphiette-chan has an item used on her by Roxy and the disease is cured.

 Orsted uses the item used by Roxy on Rudeus on the next turn.

 That kind of feeling.

 Well, by reconciling the past cases and the present cases we can look for a cure, that kind of diagnosis is possible, but I’m not a doctor so I wouldn’t know.

 In short, Orsted isn’t too potent regarding affairs that are beyond expectations.

 “I still don’t know.”

 After examining everyone, feeling powerless, he shook his head.

 “I feel like the symptoms differ a little from the plague I know of……”

 “Differ, in what way?”

 “The deterioration wasn’t supposed to be this rapid.”

 “……So Vita was paralyzing it after all, I wonder if that’s the only thing that came to light.”

 “If it’s Hitogami’s way of doing things, then it’s possible.”

 Pretending to suppress the disease, but in reality he didn’t do anything.

 It’s Hitogami’s way of doing things.

 “Do you have something on your end?”

 “……No.”

 While Orsted was examining the illness, I was listening to the people helping out with the medical treatment how they used a remedy when the disease first struck.

 They collected some popular herbs from the Central Continent or vegetables with high nutritional values and cooked them together to make a mash of it and gave it to the affected.

 I’m not that knowledgeable about the nutritional value of vegetables or herbs, but I can’t think of it as a big mistake.

 This is a dead end.

 We must change our way of thinking.

 For example……right.

 Originally the spread of the plague was supposed to be faster.

 Which means, Hitogami can control this plague. Then, some kind of poison was brought in from somewhere, so that possibility also exists?

 Or perhaps the timing when the Supards were struck with the plague simply deviated because of the teleport incident.

 Hitogami can simply use that and be able to……

 Ah jeez, just which is it?

 The thing that is important right now is finding a cure for this disease, not Hitogami.

 The more I think about it, the more I feel my thoughts sinking into a quagmire.

 I somehow felt that perhaps, there might not even be a method.

 An unpleasant premonition.

 But, not yet.

 At least, Orsted and I, together with Sándor and Doga, can’t come up with anything.

 But after this, a doctor is coming.

 Let’s just concentrate on maintaining the patient’s hygiene and providing them with nutrition.

 While thinking that, I spent the whole day nursing with Sándor and Doga.

 Part 4

 The next day, a team of doctors from the Asura Kingdom arrived.

 Two doctors and four nurses along with numerous food and medical supplies.

 For the time being, it looks like they’re all people who don’t fear the Supard race.

 After looking at the patients, they immediately started their medical examination.

 Whether or not they would disclose info about the teleportation magic circle, I have no choice but to rely on Ariel’s charisma.

 “We were told in advance about it, but we’ve never seen these types of symptoms.”

 Not to mention, we took such a risk and yet the team of doctors were useless.

 “We have performed medical examinations of demon race in the domestic, but……if we’re to handle a specific demon race under specific circumstances, then there’s nothing we can do.”

 I don’t get it at all.

 Those are the opinions of the doctors.

 At least, it doesn’t come under the category of past cases.

 That’s understood, since the human doctors have seen them and Orsted as well.

 “We will continue the examination just in case, but it would be better to not expect too much.”

 The doctor said that and went back to treat the patients.

 But……even so, I see.

 I hadn't expected much, but to be told that clearly… My disappointment was greater than I thought.

 “Fuu……”

 While breathing a sigh, I survey the surroundings.

 There, a great number of Supards were arranged in a line.

 The ones who are moaning, ones who are dead tired and aren’t moving, ones who are sleeping.

 The ones who are lying down being nursed, a scene just like a field hospital.

 There aren’t any deceased yet, but there are many with severe symptoms.

 And Ruijerd is also included among those with severe symptoms.

 Currently, he has lost consciousness and is in a comatose state.

 At times, he suddenly opens his eyes and starts coughing violently. By looking at him, I understand that he doesn't have much time.

 I want to cure him somehow.

 I think as I sit near Ruijerd.

 But, we don’t have anything to go with and no breakthrough solution comes to mind.

 Only the time is passing by.

 With this, even if doctors came from the Milis and Kingdom of the Dragon King, the possibility of finding a cure is low.

 If we couldn’t find a cure, what should be done next?

 Whom should I ask, would that person understand?

 What should be done……?

 What can I do?

 “Rudeus-dono.”

 When I came to, Sándor was standing in front of me.

 “What is it?”

 “I apologize within this situation, but what would you like to do about the information broker?”

 Information broker……was there someone like that?

 Ah, that’s right.

 In the second city Irel, we requested an information broker to investigate about Gisu.

 “How many days are left until the agreed day again?”

 “It took one day from the city to road, two days from village to here, you were asleep for one day, also yesterday, today is about to end, so I guess 4 days. I think we can somehow make it even if we’re late by one day.”

 So it’s already time to return.

 I mean it wasn’t like I slept for too long.

 “The teleportation magic circle has been established as well, so the number of days are flexible……”

 “That’s so. When that time comes, I’ll be off.”

 I don’t want to move from this spot, but I must search for Gisu.

 I don’t have any choice but to go.

 “Let me accompany you as well.”

 “………Are you going to leave only Doga with Orsted behind?”

 “Rudeus-dono, going outside alone is dangerous.”

 I suddenly became suspicious that he has some ulterior motive, but I guess it’s only fair.

 It’s not good if I act alone like this.

 “Rudeus-dono, enough about the information broker, what would you like to do about the subjugation force?”

 “Subjugation force?”

 “The subjugation force being assembled by the country. Did you not hear about it being formed for about a month and coming here to attack in the future?”

 “Ah…”

 There was also that.

 “I think we should take steps ahead of time that way as well, what should we do?”

 Certainly, in order to protect the Supard race, we should move quickly and negotiate with the country.

 But that is only if I have the proof that the Supard race is safe; otherwise, it’s impossible.

 Of course, the Supards have no hostility towards the humans.

 Is it still possible to verify that……?

 “I find it difficult to say that we should leave it aside, but because of the current situation, because of this plague……At least, until we see whether or not the disease would be cured……”

 “Then, should we leave it alone?”

 “……That is not a good thing to do, what do you think should be done?”

 “After contacting the information broker, go to the royal palace, report about the present condition and the true identity of the demon, I think this much is significant. If we leave it alone saying it’s because of the plague then we’ll face war, but if we want to help the Supards, then the conclusion should be negotiations. Right?”

 “Ah……quite so.”

 At first, try it.

 That’s how it is.

 In any case, the next move is in 4 days.

 There is a heap of things to do, but a clue for a solution can’t be seen.

 I feel frustrated because of no progress at all.

 Don’t get tired……

 While thinking that, I fell asleep that day.

 In Ruijerd's empty home.

 Part 5

 I woke up as I was being shaken.

 There was a beautiful girl in front of me.

 Blonde and silky-smooth hair, which were trimmed evenly above her eyebrows.

 I don’t even need to remember who she is.

 “Nii-san, please wake up, Nii-san……!”

 It’s Norn.

 Ah, that dream, is it that illusion again?

 This time Norn is my wife, huh?

 That would happen if Vita was still alive.

 Then I would like the current situation to be a dream as well.

 “Vita is so boring.”

 “Vita? Are you still half-asleep!? There are a lot of things I want to ask!”

 Norn seemed to have gotten angry.

 Although recently she doesn’t, but the Norn before did nothing but get angry at me.

 I’ve missed this Norn.

 “Why has Ruijerd-san become like this, why did you not tell me about it!”

 Ruijerd has become like this.

 My consciousness was suddenly awoken by those words.

 “………!”

 I rose my body.

 The animal fur covering the floor.

 It’s Ruijerd’s house.

 Not a dream.

 “Even though I was also so grateful towards Ruijerd-san……! To not tell me about it at such a time, isn’t that unreasonable……?”

 Tears start flowing down from Norn’s eyes.

 She didn't wipe them and was powerfully gripping the fur.

 I wiped her tears with my finger for no apparent reason.

 “Yeah, sorry……”

 And at the same time, a question wells up in me.

 Why is Norn here?

 If I recall correctly, she should have been busy right now.

 “Norn, errr, perhaps this is not the right time to ask this, but wasn’t there supposed to be an event at the school?”

 “That was already over long ago!”

 Huh!

 Which means her graduation ceremony is over as well?

 That’s impossible……

 Well, no, that’s not it.

 “……How are you here?”

 “Cliff-senpai told me everything and brought me along!”

 Norn spoke with a high-pitched and unstrung voice and looked back.

 At the entrance of the house.

 Two shadows stood against the backdrop of the back-light.

 One of them has a slender silhouette.

 Blond hair glittering because of the falling sunlight.

 The figure of a long-eared woman which was bewitching in her austere build.

 And, the other person is a male.

 Height lower than the average.

 Even his breadth isn’t that wide.

 Yet, why is it that he seems to be greatly reliable?

 Probably because of that eye-patch covering one of his eyes.

 “Rudeus.”

 Cliff Grimoire was standing there.

 “Sorry for coming late.

 Various formalities delayed me……the Milis Religious Organization isn’t just a large slab of rock. Please forgive me.”

 He had come.

 After reading the letter of the communication lithograph, he came at once.

 “Now that I’ve come, it’s all right. I took lessons in medical techniques just for these times.”

 “But, Cliff-senpai……”

 “Yeah, I know. I’ve already heard everything. But I have this.”

 Cliff said that and opened his eye-patch with a pop.

 One of the demon eyes he received from Kishirika.

 Identification eye.

 “Is something possible with one or two demon eyes?”

 “Perhaps nothing can be done with just the demon eyes. But you know Rudeus, the one who is holding the demon eye, is me.”

 Cliff said that and puffed his chest with pride.

 “I’m a genius.”

 Perhaps he might have said this only to let Norn have some peace of mind.

 Ah, but.

 Cliff’s figure looks big.

 Was there ever a day I saw Cliff’s figure this big?

 Cliff gets bigger each time I see him.

 He’s growing while exceeding my imagination.

 Hasn’t he already grown twice as large as me?

 If it’s Cliff-senpai.

 If it’s the Cliff-senpai who somehow removed the curse!

 “There is nothing this genius can’t do, leave it to me.”

 He’ll somehow do it.

 Even though it was supposed to be a groundless remark, I seemed to have thought it naturally.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
