Volume 23  12 — Looking for a Chance to Win

Volume 23 Chapter 12: Looking for a Chance to Win

 

 Part 1

 When I returned, the conference was reaching its climax.

 “The enemy is at our doorstep, we must immediately start our preparations.”

 “That’s why I’m saying we should search for Rudeus first!”

 Raising her voice almost to the point of shouting was Eris, she was quarreling with Sándor.

 Roxy was there as well.

 “He has Doga with him. He’ll come back eventually. We should first organize our war potential or set up traps during that time……”

 “That good-for-nothing is not useful at all!”

 “Despite his appearance, he’s talented.”

 “Even if he’s talented, why didn’t you go along with them in the first place!”

 “Ugh…that’s…”

 They were probably talking about what to do from now on.

 Whether to go search for me, or wait for my arbitrary return and attack the enemy.

 Far from that.

 It looked like Eris was insisting on rescuing me.

 I was grateful for that.

 “Fine! I’ll just go down there by myself.”

 Eris got impatient, stood up, and suddenly turned around.

 Only to find me there.

 “If you’re going to go down there, then descend the stairs that are in the shadow of mushrooms, go down into the altar, obtain the blue liquid, and then progress forward.”

 “Rudeus!”

 When I tried guiding her, Eris ran over and hugged me.

 With force.

 Force that could break my spine.

 “I was worried!”

 “Sorry.”

 When I looked over, Roxy was hugging me as well and the others were sighing with relief.

 This response by just looking at me being alive……

 I was really grateful.

 “……By the way, what’s with those arms of yours?”

 “Ah, these are……no, I’ll explain from the beginning. But first……”

 While saying that I surveyed my surroundings.

 And brought my vision to a halt on a male sitting over there.

 “Who are you?”

 I spoke to Sándor as I looked at him.

 Part 2

 North God Kalman the Second.

 Alex Ryback.

 The one who defeated the King of the Dragon King, defeated a huge behemoth, formulated numerous military exploits in various places, and was able to become one of the Seven Great World Powers. The protagonist of that legendary story of the North God.

 The one who was known as the world’s strongest swordsman just some hundred years ago, and the most prominent person of the North God Style.

 I was honestly not that surprised.

 I did think about just why such a talented person was here.

 But I consented for the most part.

 The reason Orsted remained silent about him.

 The reason Ariel sent him before Ghyslaine and Isolte.

 The reason Doga was a North Emperor.

 North God Kalman the Second.

 I agreed to that fact.

 “Why did you keep quiet?”

 “In case of an unlikely event. If Hitogami can read people’s minds, I can hide the fact that I’m a Kalman. It was easier to move around as well.”

 I see.

 Hitogami may have extracted most of the information about us when I fell into the valley, but even we didn’t know that Kalman is on our side.

 ……………………

 “……Really?”

 “Nope, it is a little bit of that, but I thought it would be cool if I revealed myself in a time of crisis.”

 “Very well.”

 Making a mistake when trying to be cool.

 That kind of thing happens a lot really.

 “Since they already knew that Doga was a North Emperor, wouldn’t it make it all the more futile?”

 “Errr……I dare not say that many knew Doga as a North Emperor.”

 But it left an adverse effect as a result of that.

 If I had known that these two were this strong, I would’ve acted as if hiding from them.

 No, if it came to that then Sword God and North God would’ve taken a different approach.

 “In any case, I’ll be relying on you from now on. Alex-san.”

 “But of course. Ah, but, please do keep on calling me Sándor. I want our relationship to stay that way for now.”

 After ascertaining Sándor’s identity, we started compiling our intelligence.

 Firstly, I brought along Sword God and North God to this village some 10 days ago and was then dropped into the valley.

 I didn’t realize it at the bottom of the valley because I fainted, but a lot of time had passed.

 A day or two after that. The exact time was unknown, but the teleportation magic formations and communication lithographs all lost their lights.

 Roxy and Eris, sensing that something was unusual, came to the Supard village in order to link up with me.

 It was also confirmed that the magic formation in the village had lost its light.

 Nevertheless, believing that I was still on the move, they decided to wait and see.

 The one who confirmed that I was missing was Sándor, who came back before me.

 “I kept waiting for Rudeus-dono to come to the Second City, but there was no sign of you returning.

 The other two soldiers who you took along didn’t return as well.

 In spite of that, the rumor that the Supard race were the demons from the Forest of No Return started flowing within the city.

 I thought of confirming the situation via the communication lithograph, but it was already too late as the teleport formation in the Second City was destroyed.

 At that time, thinking that I was being targeted, I came back to this village while hiding myself.”

 Sándor came to the conclusion that I was missing as he returned back to the village.

 Was it the Second City? Or the Village of the Earth Dragon Valley?

 Thinking that something might have happened around there, Ruijerd, who was still recovering, started his search as the leader.

 On investigation, it was found that Doga’s and my footprints lead to the side of the valley.

 It was likely that we had fallen into the valley.

 After realizing that, Ruijerd immediately decided to descend into the valley, but Sándor advised him not to.

 There was no way to climb back up the valley once you fell down into it.

 It was highly likely that they would be stranded the moment they went down into the valley.

 Hence, it was concluded that they would wait until I climbed up by myself since it should be alright as long as Doga was with me.

 Well, their judgement was probably right.

 Trying to climb up with all those flocks of earth dragons was very difficult, but Doga was there, so he protected me.

 “Which reminds me, did you meet up with the information broker?”

 And then Sándor who returned to the village.

 Information was brought by him.

 It was regarding the destruction of the teleport formations.

 “We were able to obtain information regarding Gisu from the information broker.

 A monkey-faced person was seen heading towards the Capital City Biheiril from Second City Irel, or so I’ve been informed about his whereabouts.”

 “So we know nothing?”

 “Yes. But just the other day, we were able to confirm that Ogre God Malta showed himself in Second City Irel.

 If we’re to think that he appeared the day after the teleport formations lost their light, then it’s possible that he got into the teleport formation set up in the Second City to reach Sharia, and from there he destroyed the office.”

 “I see.”

 There were Roxy and Eris to prove this information.

 Both of them arrived just yesterday.

 It took them at least 10 days for a journey which normally takes 4 days.

 The cause of that was because when these two went through the Capital, a ceremony was being carried out.

 That ceremony was the departure of the subjugation force.

 The Capital was in revelry regarding the subjugation of the Supard race, and the departure ceremony of the subjugation force was being carried out within that revelry.

 Although it was supposed to be carried out a little later.

 It’s possible that Gisu decided to hasten it after getting the report that I fell into the valley.

 Without Orsted’s bracelet, Hitogami now knew that I wasn’t dead.

 Therefore, they decided to attack Orsted as soon as possible before I came out of the valley.

 Roxy and Eris did reconnaissance regarding the premature departure of the subjugation force.

 Through their reconnaissance, they confirmed that North God and Sword God were participating in it.

 However, they kept holding onto their doubt despite the reconnaissance.

 Their doubt being: just why have things become like this even though Rudeus should’ve negotiated?

 Why couldn’t they see Rudeus?

 While pondering about such thoughts, before anyone knew what was going on, the subjugation force left the Capital.

 Anyhow, they chased the subjugation force while remaining vigilant.

 They were aware of where the force was heading to, so they thought about collecting any kind of information if possible.

 But Roxy said that if they kept on following them, after they entered the Second City, it would be dangerous.

 So they took a big detour around the town. While passing through the forest, they arrived at the Supard village.

 Afterwards, they idly spent a number of days with growing doubts, but they were able to arrive safely at the Supard village.

 And that’s how it was.

 By the way, Eris and Ruijerd had a very deeply moving reunion.

 The moment Eris saw Ruijerd, she wanted to jump at him really bad.

 She wanted him to look at how strong she had become.

 I think that kind of feeling was running throughout her body.

 But she firmly kept her patience.

 She was not a kid anymore.

 She was Eris Greyrat, a warrior acknowledged by Ruijerd.

 As a warrior, with Ruijerd as her Teacher, she mustn't take embarrassing actions.

 Warning herself of that fact, with the same usual pose, she spoke.

 “Long time no see, Ruijerd. You haven’t changed much.”

 “Yeah, Eris. You’ve grown so much.”

 “That’s obvious.”

 They exchanged only a few words.

 But that alone made Eris feel nostalgic and proud.

 Before, she could only look up to him. And now she had become the same height as him.

 And thus she was going into battle with Ruijerd, shoulder-to-shoulder with him.

 That’s right, Eris was satisfied.

 “We don’t have much time left. The subjugation force are most likely heading towards our way right now. Soldiers of the ogre race appearing as reinforcements may not be too far in the future as well.”

 “I understand. Then, I’ll now report from my side.”

 I started reporting my part of the story.

 That the two soldiers were North God and Sword God.

 That they were using the same ring as mine to disguise themselves.

 And thus, that Gisu was probably using it as well so that he wouldn’t be found out.

 That after falling into the valley, I was saved by a hair’s breadth thanks to Doga and Atofe-hand.

 During that time, how I lost Orsted’s bracelet and Hitogami was able to look at me.

 How I was finally able to get out of the valley and came back here.

 “Rudeus.”

 After I had spoken everything, Eris said with a low voice.

 “I’ll deal with Gull Farion.”

 Eris said as she looked at my arm’s base.

 “………Well, let’s talk about it together bearing that in mind.

 I’m happy that you want to fight him as an opponent, but don’t rush in alone. You don’t want to end up like me, right?”

 Now then, let’s sort things out.

 Firstly, it’s Gisu. There’s no doubt that he’s in a position to manipulate the subjugation force to some extent.

 The most likely candidate would be the King, Gisu might be disguised as him.

 I don’t know who the apostle was, but aside from Gisu, there were North God, Sword God, and Ogre God.

 North God and Sword God were able to do some reconnaissance of the Supard village thanks to the disguise ring.

 Ogre God attacked the office along with Gisu, and they were able to snatch away our escape routes.

 And thus, they were currently heading towards the Supard village with the subjugation force of approximately 100 people strong.

 “………”

 Ogre God Malta.

 Someone like him was sent into Sharia.

 When I thought it over again, my heart was filled with despair.

 “What happened to my house……?”

 On my inquiry, Roxy casted her eyes down, Eris folded her arms, and Sándor started stroking his chin like he was bothered.

 “We don’t know whether the Ogre God returned only after destroying the office, or if he attacked Sharia as well.”

 I tried thinking.

 If it were me, then what would I have done?

 Sharia was completely empty.

 Neither I nor Orsted were there.

 There was no one who was capable of opposing the Ogre God.

 Should we leave it alone?

 There was no way we could.

 Even in a condition where they had low war potential, they could still attack Sharia because they had nothing to lose.

 “…………”

 Silence dominated the place.

 It felt as if even Orsted had an angry look on him.

 I couldn’t know for sure with his helmet on though.

 “Uh-oh, seems like everyone’s in a meeting.”

 Someone spoke up from near the entrance.

 When I turned to look, there was this one guy.

 “Zanoba!”

 Come to think of it, he was here too.

 No, it’s not like I forgot!

 Of course!

 I was just a little bit worried about my house.

 “Master, sorry for the delay. I’ve just arrived.”

 “No, it’s alright. I’ve only just arrived as well.”

 Julie and Ginger were behind him.

 Both of them were worn-out.

 There were bruises all over them, and dark circles below their eyes due to fatigue.

 It was the appearance of a person whose mana was on the verge of drying up.

 “We had a hard time dealing with an invisible monster on our way. It would have been dangerous if the Supards hadn’t come to rescue us.”

 “I see. Got it, let the two of them rest……… No, it should be good to hear them out first. Please sit down at the corner and rest.”

 As I said that, Ginger and Julie silently entered the lecture hall on their unsteady feet, and sat down near the pillar.

 Roxy quickly approached them and started using healing magic.

 “Well then, Zanoba. How much information have you grasped on?”

 “A rough idea of it. However, I would be grateful if you were to explain the situation from the beginning.”

 Hence, we started explaining from the beginning.

 Explaining the same thing over and over again is a pain but it can’t be helped.

 Since sharing information is of utmost importance.

 “And that’s how it is, so we are worried about what happened to Sharia and about the subjugation force that’s currently heading our way.”

 “Hmph.”

 Zanoba suddenly started laughing.

 Was there something funny?

 Don’t tell me, he isn’t going to say like “All of your family is already here so be relieved, hahaha” right?

 “About that, before coming here, I was able to find a Seven Great World Powers stone monument, so I was able to confirm the situation by Arumanfi-dono, subordinate of Perugius-sama.”

 “Oh!”

 The one who stood up with a joyful look floating on his face wasn’t me.

 When bathed with the surrounding gazes, he quickly sat down.

 It was Sándor.

 “My apologies, and then?”

 “He said that Master’s family is safe.”

 An atmosphere of relief flew through the surroundings.

 I see, so they’re safe.

 I wonder if it was Leo’s work.

 Or were they protected by someone else?

 Or did the enemy judge that it would be dangerous to invade Sharia, well-known for its Magic University?

 “Nevertheless, if Perugius-dono is backing us, then we can reverse the situation in just one go.”

 Sándor was getting slightly excited, surveying the surroundings.

 But Zanoba was slightly gloomy.

 “No, Perugius-sama is just going to observe this battle. We can’t expect his assistance.”

 “Is that so! That gentleman is obstinate at a time like this!”

 Sándor threw his head back with an attitude that could be said as exaggerating.

 Did he really like Perugius that much?

 Is he homo?

 No, Sándor is North God the Second.

 North God the First and Perugius both were one of the 『Three Demon Slaying Heroes』 and probably old friends.

 Then, it’s possible that he’s an acquaintance of Perugius.

 But Sándor was right.

 The power of the 12 subordinates of Perugius was useful only at time like this.

 Arumanfi of the Bright having the strongest reconnaissance ability and Clearnight of the Roaring Thunder.

 By combining the two of them, an opponent’s information can be leaked to all the comrades in an instant.

 Of course, it doesn’t stop at just that.

 They can even focus on the finest of details of the other subordinates.

 But now that he has said he wouldn’t support us, it couldn’t be helped.

 Even Orsted’s policy was not to borrow Perugius’ power.

 “Ogre God Malta was rough, but he’s a kind person. He won’t attack non-hostiles.”

 Muttering those words was Orsted.

 “If Sword God or North God had gone, then they probably would've attacked Sharia.”

 Orsted’s words were calm, but they resounded clearly.

 I wonder if it was because of the helmet.

 “But Gisu’s a coward. By using North God and Sword God, he was able to confirm not only that I was here, but that the teleport formations were here too. So he didn’t throw away the possibility that I could have returned back to the office.

 Therefore, he used the Ogre God.

 It would take some time to defeat the Ogre God even for me.

 So it’s possible Gisu planned to destroy the teleport formations in various places by himself or through someone else during that time.”

 Those were Orsted’s opinions.

 I see.

 Sending along the Ogre God was only a safety plan.

 Due to that safety plan, my family was safe.

 Rather than that, it looks like they never had any intention to attack Sharia.

 I came first as a target, my family after.

 Sándor interrupted with a question.

 “Then why didn’t the three of them go together?”

 “That’s probably because North God’s and Sword God’s target is different from Gisu’s.”

 The North God and Sword God’s target.

 With those words, the surrounding heads tilted in confusion.

 The only head which didn’t tilt was Eris’s.

 “……Gull Farion wants to fight you, right?”

 “Aleksander Ryback as well.”

 Orsted was in the Supard village.

 The moment they found out, the two of them didn't go to Sharia but stayed here.

 I could see Gisu starting to lose control of their reins.

 If they could, they should’ve been able to kill me simply by coming down into the valley.

 Since Doga was able to come down, it’s obvious.

 It should’ve been possible for Aleksander.

 Thus, the two of them weren’t acting according to Gisu and Hitogami’s plan.

 “At any rate, I’m glad that my family is all safe. Although I’m worried about the North God, Sword God and Ogre God coming here to attack.”

 Three God ranks.

 Strengthened by a subjugation force 100 or more strong.

 The war potential of the Supard race’s side was 10 people or so who could still move.

 And then, the people that were currently here.

 Orsted, Zanoba, Ginger, Julie, Norn, Cliff, Elinalize.

 Ruijerd, Roxy, Eris, Sándor, Doga.

 There were women and children, and the team of doctors that were currently staying here.

 The team of doctors aside, the subjugation force’s main target was the Supard race.

 If they were to invade, a massacre was likely to happen.

 “………”

 Ginger, Julie, Norn were out.

 Cliff too……he isn’t very useful in actual combat.

 Even Orsted was out.

 Orsted’s mana recovery rate was almost next to none.

 The more he used it, the more it decreased.

 The only reason I was trying to collect subordinates for Orsted was to compensate for that fact to begin with.

 Just because there was a fight coming, I couldn’t just go and ask him ‘Teacher, please fight.’

 If it did come to that, then there would be no choice for him but to go, although it would have been nice if it were only 1 or 2 God ranks. However, fighting 3 of them would definitely take a considerable amount of mana.

 Then there’s Gisu as well, whose whereabouts were still unknown.

 Perhaps there were even more war potential left with him.

 Besides, if I were Gisu, I wouldn’t send in someone like Sword God, who could easily be defeated by us, to directly attack us.

 He definitely has some kind of plan in action.

 Orsted was the last resort.

 Except when he’s needed the most, it should be fine for Orsted to just guard the village.

 Three God ranks.

 When I factor in that we’ll be fighting without Orsted, the fight won’t be easy at all.

 The fight won’t be easy at all, but……

 But it’s not like we can’t win either.

 We have 3 powerful contenders like Sword King Eris, North God Sándor, and North Emperor Doga.

 If they worked together as our support with me, Zanoba, and Ruijerd then……

 The fight won’t be easy at all, but……even if we had to run, even if we had to fight, I don’t think that it would be absolutely impossible.

 This all-out war……I thought it was a little bit one-sided considering it was Gisu.

 The entirety of our war potential was concentrated in the Supard village.

 It would’ve been good if they didn’t know about me, but when I fell, Hitogami came to know all about my life and death.

 There’s Orsted here and me too.

 In such state of affairs, would he challenge an all-out war……?

 No, there was Dark King Vita as well.

 Originally, Gisu used Vita and planned to turn Ruijerd and the rest against me.

 If I think about it, he would’ve deceived me as I came to Biheiril Kingdom regarding this matter.

 Arriving at the Supard village together with the disguised North God, Sword God, and Ogre God.

 If you add Vita and Ruijerd to the 3 God ranks, the 5 of them could’ve easily killed us.

 That kind of flow was also possible.

 Yeah.

 It’s possible to say that the reason the opponent was losing control of its pieces was because my time was spent well.

 Perhaps even luck had some kind of effect.

 I don’t know just who or which one was an apostle, but from the information I received, I could feel that Gisu was starting to lose control of both North God and Sword God.

 Just how did Gisu influence them in the first place?

 Maybe Gisu presented some conditions and they consented to it, and it worked.

 Maybe there were some kinds of promises to hold even if it’s impossible.

 And those terms had just came to light from our talk before.

 Sword God’s and North God’s aim was to fight with Orsted.

 They became fully motivated after watching Orsted’s appearance.

 Gisu had prepared for that reaction.

 That’s right.

 Not to mention, I could see Gisu immediately starting to move after hearing that I fell into the valley.

 According to the plans, he would accelerate the departure of the subjugation force to match up with the departure of the soldiers of the Ogre race.

 It’s conceivable that he would think to settle things up in my absence since it’s very difficult to climb up from the valley.

 Gisu knew that I wasn’t dead.

 He thought of mobilizing the subjugation force quickly and dealing a fatal blow to Orsted.

 Before I climbed out of the valley.

 But I made it in time.

 I was able to return before the battle, and the current situation had calmed down.

 It was possible that they still didn’t know about Sándor’s true identity.

 Incidentally, if we're to consider Hitogami’s agitation, then………

 “………This might be our chance to win.”

 When I muttered those words, a young man entered the room.

 Holding a white spear, it was a Supard soldier.

 “The subjugation force has arrived. They’re about half a day’s distance away.”

 So they’ve made it in time.

 Though just barely.

 Part 3

 Earth Dragon Valley.

 This place, that was about to become a decisive battleground, was quite deep.

 The average width of the valley was 400 metres.

 It could exceed 500 metres at wider gaps, but was still 100~200 metres at shorter gaps.

 The Supards built a bridge across the shortest gap, and came and went through the opposite side of the forest.

 This bridge was smeared with mashed herbs that the invisible wolves disliked the most.

 The number of enemies was a lot, but this was the only path.

 It was different from a river, in that you can’t just easily cross over. It was a place where you have to be careful of where you put your feet.

 If we could drop the bridge, we could stall for time.

 Moreover, clairvoyance could be used because there were no obstacles unlike in the forest, and it was within my range.

 “Let’s leave the bridge intact.”

 Because of that proposal, the bridge was left alone.

 If the enemy came crossing over, we could just drop it.

 I had felt them firsthand, the difficulties of trying to climb up the valley after falling down into it.

 We had the advantage in terms of position.

 We didn’t have any time to set up traps, but……

 We decided to wait for the enemy on this side.

 There were 6 people present.

 Me, Eris, Ruijerd, Zanoba, Sándor, and Doga.

 The 6 of us were going to keep the 3 God ranks company.

 It was decided that the Supards would take care of the subjugation force.

 Since Roxy only had one thing to do, she was positioned in the back.

 Elinalize and several people of the Supard race were guarding Roxy.

 Cliff and the rest were guarding the village.

 Well, technically, it was like the combatants were the vanguard and the magicians were deployed in the rear.

 When push came to shove, we could carry the wounded to the village and bring them back to the front lines after healing them.

 Speaking of healing.

 I decided to leave the Atofe-hand as it is.

 Time, and the number of scrolls that Roxy and Zanoba were holding was limited right now.

 This arm was functioning better than my previous arm, so it’s better to leave it as it is for now. After the war is over, I’ll use a healing scroll to cure it.

 Well, it is the Demon Lord-sama’s valuable gift.

 I’ll be making use of it to my heart’s content.

 Part 4

 After half a day, the subjugation force 100 strong were facing us.

 On the opposite side, standing in front of the bridge were 3 vanguards.

 Wearing a sword on his waist belt, a middle-aged man.

 Sword God Gull Farion.

 He had aged quite well, but his skill with the sword hadn’t declined at all; that fact was proven to me through my own experience.

 Carrying a long sword on his back, a young boy.

 North God Kalman the Third.

 Aleksander Ryback.

 One of the Seven Great World Powers, the limits of his true strength were still obscure.

 And with a height of almost 3 metres, having a build similar to a large tree, a globular bell-like choker on his neck, and wearing a tiger-striped rumen on his waist, the red ogre.

 Ogre God Malta.

 Orsted predicted the reason he didn’t attack my family, but we didn’t know his true motive.

 Perhaps one expression of gratitude was in order for that matter.

 But I didn’t have any intention to thank him.

 He did destroy the office.

 Then it was hopeless for the elven receptionist who was in the office.

 In the end, I could never remember her name. I’ll take revenge for her at least.

 “We can’t see Gisu, huh?”

 Unfortunately, we couldn’t see that monkey-face near them.

 Was he near but hiding himself?

 Or was he waiting in Second City Irel?

 At the very least, I couldn’t see him with my clairvoyance.

 If he did lose the reins, then it was possible that he had already fled, since it was Gisu.

 The various soldiers of the subjugation force seemed afraid when looking at the Supards.

 Green hair and chalk-like spears.

 The very appearance of the demons that come up in fairy-tales were now in front of them.

 If we win this war, then I’ll give it my all to sell the Ruijerd book in the Biheiril Kingdom.

 “There’s no need to be afraid!”

 The subjugation force were visibly afraid, looking at the Supards, but the 3 God classes were not like that.

 “We have an overwhelming amount of personnel!”

 North God Kalman the Third was especially full of vitality.

 Raising his fist in the air, encouraging his surroundings and shouting with a voice that could be heard even from here, he was raising the morale of the troops.

 He certainly looked like the figurehead of the subjugation force.

 Since they were facing the Supard race within this forest.

 It was actually better for them.

 Everybody drew their swords and glared at us with clear hostility in their eyes.

 Glaring at us, a group of just less than 20 people who were at the opposite side of the valley.

 And then Aleksander unsheathed his sword from his back.

 “I am North God Kalman the Third Aleksander Ryback! Follow me and you shall gain honor!"

 “…………!”

 Thus, Aleksander started running on top of the bridge while shouting.

 After seeing that, Sándor quickly cried out.

 “Do it now!”

 In the next moment, my hand moved.

 I shot a stone cannon with both my hands.

 It flew straight ahead and destroyed the bridge’s base.

 Furthermore, Ruijerd moved too.

 Near his side. The vine on which the bridge was hanging on was bisected with the chalk-like spear.

 “AHHHHHhhhhh!?”

 Everyone kept watching that dumbfounded.

 The falling bridge.

 And North God Kalman the Third who fell towards the very bottom along with it.

 They could do nothing but watch dumbfounded.

 The one who shouted, Sándor, was also looking in amazement.

 It can’t be.

 It can’t be, this is……

 This is impossible…

 Well.

 It’s difficult to save someone who has fallen from this height.

 No, it should be fine if it’s Aleksander.

 ……But, even if he survived, it would take some time to climb back up.

 “………O-only one person of all people?”

 There was no one who would cheer on those words.

 There was no one who would even send criticizing looks.

 The scene that happened just now was simply scorched into everyone’s eyes.

 ……Now’s the chance.

 I loaded my arms with mana.

 There weren’t many in this place who could launch an attack.

 So let’s do it.

 I raised my left hand towards the sky.

 Lifting up enormous amounts of mana in my left hand, I made a thunder cloud.

 Suppressing the raging mana within my left arm, I compressed it.

 And then I let it fall.

 『Lightning!』”

 Lighting fell down with a thunderous roar.

 The surroundings were dyed in white, a raging roar echoed.

 A cloud of dust fluttered about on the opposite side.

 Many trees got engulfed in fire, and fell down one by one while making crackling noises.

 I didn’t know how much damage was dealt.

 But there was feedback.

 A feedback enough to make my hands shake.

 The sensation of killing a person.

 While gulping it down, I loaded my arms with mana once again.

 “Once more……”

 The moment I thought that.

 Something jumped out from that cloud of dust.

 A red mass.

 It looked gentle and quiet when seen from a distance, a jump which could be seen as if it was flying.

 But that speed and mass were overwhelming.

 The red mass quickly closed in and then impacted.

 A sound echoed as if a cannonball had fell and a cloud of dust fluttered about.

 The red mass impacted on our right flank.

 Two people showed up from that cloud of dust.

 “………”

 An ogre with a red body and a human in his forties.

 Ogre God Malta and Sword God Gull Farion.

 The two of them had jumped over the valley to come.

 A 100-metre jump.

 As expected of the Great powers.

 “Now then……who’s going to be my opponent?”

 A ferociously laughing wolf.

 It was different from when I first confronted him.

 Right now, he was standing there with a precise killing intent and holding an absolute resolution.

 At his back, there was a scabbard holding one sword.

 Probably a cursed sword.

 It was different from the one which nailed my back armor.

 Unknowingly, cold sweat started running through my back.

 “It’s me.”

 She naturally moved forward.

 The Red Mad Dog.

 Two swords hanging on her back.

 While folding her arms, she stood in front of the Sword God with her majestic posture.

 “I thought so. Anyone else?”

 “It’s me.”

 As I introduced himself, the Sword God laughed, taken aback.

 “You really look full of spirit, eh?”

 “Thanks to you, I’m in good health.”

 “Tch, that’s why I said it would’ve been better if I had lopped his head off.”

 Just who was he blaming?

 It was probably Gisu.

 Thus, together with me.

 The person holding the chalk-like spear with green hair, a veteran hero was standing beside me.

 It was the three of us again.

 Eris, Ruijerd and me.

 The three of us will fight together.

 It was the second coming of 『Dead End』

 It was 3 vs. 1, but there were no complaints.

 Me and Sándor originally planned to keep Aleksander company, but he was at fault for falling down the valley like an idiot.

 “………”

 Sándor, Zanoba, and Doga were facing the Ogre God.

 Since I’ve heard that the Ogre God’s fighting style was hand-to-hand combat, Zanoba and Doga were the best pick, as mighty power types.

 I’ve also heard that North God Kalman the Second was used to fighting a large amount of enemies.

 Their compatibility was perfect.

 We can win.

 Perhaps someone might be sacrificed.

 Still, we can defeat these two.

 “---------Hoough!”

 That thought only remained for a moment.

 A yell could be heard from behind us.

 As we promptly turned around, something was flying up from the cliff.

 It wasn’t something.

 It was the black-haired young boy that had fallen down just moments ago.

 “Haa…Haa…”

 While wiping his cold sweat, he held out his sword towards the sky.

 And declared with a pompous tone.

 “I’m North God Kalman the Third! The one who will defeat the cursed evil god Orsted and become a hero! The ones who are going to stand in my way, prepare yourselves!”

 Don’t tell me.

 Don’t tell me, did he run up to us?

 From the bottom of the valley……?

 No, it may be a cliff, but it’s not completely vertical.

 I could climb up the valley while using magic as well, but I would have had to stop midway many times.

 He could have used that sword to break through the walls and hurriedly climb up from the bottom………

 Should I say that this too is as expected from one of the World Powers?

 “………I guess it can’t be helped. Rudeus-dono, let’s keep this fool company together.”

 “Yes.”

 I nodded to Sándor’s words.

 It was unfortunate that I couldn’t fight together with Eris and Ruijerd, but it couldn’t be helped. We’ll just be going according to plan.

 “Please be careful of that sword. That’s the world’s strongest sword.”

 There was only one sword held by the North God.

 It was manufactured when that King of the Dragon Kingdom was defeated, the legendary large sword.

 『Dragon King Sword』 Kajakuto.

 “…………Why?”

 But the holder of that sword, while still holding up the sword, was looking our way with a flabbergasted face.

 “Why are you here?”

 North God Kalman the Third.

 Aleksander Ryback looked at me with a shivering voice.

 Fufu, was it really that strange that I was alive after falling down into the valley and even came back from there?

 Gisu might’ve told you about my existence, but you may not have believed it.

 But, falling down into the valley means a survival flag was……

 Huh?

 Was he really looking at me?

 Aleksander’s line of gaze was behind me.

 It was Sándor.

 Well, that was obvious, I guess.

 “Father!”

 Was that shout the signal for the start of the fight or was it just a matter of time?

 “Uoooooaaaaaaahhhh!!!”

 In the next instant, Ogre God Malta yelled while raising his hands over his head and slapped the ground.

 The ground rose, the cliff collapsed and the trees mowed down.

 As if the peace was being washed away by that very shockwave, the fight began.

 Author's Q&A

 Q. The Army corps and the Magicians using the special magic invocation law of Magician Frau who appeared during the subjugation of the Kingdom of the Dragon King. Does that even exist in the original story of the Mushoku world?

 A. I don’t think it does anymore.

 Q. I think the enemy’s reaction seeing Rudeus alive might have been a little too thin……

 A. They already got the message through Hitogami.

 Q. At first it was Sándor who was talking with Eris, but he was using such a polite tone that I mistook him for Roxy for a moment.

 A. I’m really sorry. I’ll try to make it so that it’s more understandable.

 Q. The red mass that came flying was the Ogre God, right?

 I couldn’t see the Sword God flying but could it be that he got on Ogre God’s back?

 A. That’s right.

 Q. After this war is over, let’s play baseball with everyone. (Suggestion)

 A. Strip rock-paper-scissors? (Disgusting)

 Q. I have one doubt, why didn’t the Sword God and North God go towards the Supard village to attack the President after defeating Rudi?

 A. Because they didn’t have any weapons.

 Because they must report back the information.

 Also, it was Gisu’s request to keep up with Ogre God’s pace.

 Q. Why did the President say that it would take time for the Ogre God rather than the World Powers?

 A. There’s a variation between HP and defensive power.

 Q. The Supard race’s village was changed to Supard village on the way, but is it alright?

 A. Well, it’s fine either way. It’s not like that village is a name itself.

 Q. To think that Magonote-san’s Q&A would progress faster than before……this was a first for me.

 A. I had some things to do so.

 Q. If he were to M with the Atofe-hand that means……!

 A. It’ll be crushed, he’ll turn into Girldeus!

 Q. Were there names written on the stone monument of the Seven Great World Powers?

 Or was it just the crests(family crests)?

 A. It should be only the crests.

 Q. Why doesn’t the President fight, I wonder?

 It’s understandable that Rudeus is conserving his mana, but wouldn’t it be fine just fighting without using any mana at all?

 Since he’s stronger than anyone even without using any magic, I think it’s too good an opportunity to pass to let him play around with others to be frank.

 Why not use the rook? I can’t understand why the rook turned inside out as a dragon, the strongest piece(President) not being deployed this time?

 A. As per the conditions,『President using his mana』will result in defeat.

 They could ascertain the enemy’s war potential but they still haven’t seen Gisu and it’s not like they have completely identified all of the apostles.

 It’s possible that there were reserve military force as well, and in the case if someone were to break through Rudeus and the rest then the president will become a necessity in order to protect the village.

 It’s certainly as you say that it’ll be easy victory for the President if there’s only 1 God rank, but mana compensation is not zero.

 Not to mention, Gisu was the one who proposed to cut off Rudeus’s arms at a narrow place, so it’s possible that he might have thought of something to expend the President’s mana supply as well.

 That’s why, preservation comes first.

 The President isn’t a rook or a bishop, he’s the King.

 Although Rudeus’ overprotectiveness is certainly true.

 Q. If they were at a distance of half-a-day then the enemy’s hands would never reach them so I think that it would become an extremely easy to deal with extermination force with 0 danger if he used the clairvoyance.

 A. Firstly, since it takes a whole day from the village to the forest therefore the troops had already entered the forest.

 Clairvoyance can only work as long as there’s no obstacles in one’s straight line of sight.

 Since the forest is quite deep, it’s possible that even if he climbed up to a high place to use clairvoyance, he still won’t be able to see the enemy troops.

 The best unobstructed view you can get from within the forest is near the valley.

 The enemy troops came to a stop at the valley freeing their reins for the extermination.

 If it wasn’t half-a-day from the village but rather『1 day from the forest』, then they could have performed a long distance attack by setting up camp near the forest’s entrance, then after that retreating till the valley. They could have gone with that kind of strategy.

 The above 2 may lack in description a little bit.

 I’ll add some more.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
