Volume 23  14 — Third Generation vs Second Generation + α

Volume 23 Chapter 14: Third Generation vs Second Generation + α

 

 Part 1

 We were separated by quite a distance.

 The rampage of Ogre God Malta.

 A gigantic ogre who was going berserk like a storm, mowing down trees and digging up the earth.

 As if being washed away by the aftermath, we were separated from the battlefield.

 The ones who were facing him were Zanoba and Doga.

 Since the Ogre God was a simple power type monster, their compatibility was perfect.

 Since he’s a Miko, there is no one who could win against Zanoba in physical power, and Doga is quite powerful against an approaching enemy.

 But that much was obvious.

 I didn’t have the time to worry about the others.

 The one who was standing before me was at the 7th rank of the Seven Great World Powers.

 North God Kalman the Third.

 Aleksander Ryback.

 One of the two adversaries who pushed me down into the valley.

 Not to mention, I didn’t have the MK. I on me and MK. II was incomplete.

 He wasn’t an enemy I could go easy on or be careless around.

 The early bird gets the worm.

 So with quagmire, I————

 “Wait!”

 Or so I thought, but in the next instant North God Kalman III’s shout stalled me.

 The opponent was a North God style user however.

 It wouldn’t be strange if he ambushed us under the false pretence of asking to wait.

 So I silently set up quagmire.

 And fired stone cannons in quick succession.

 “Let us talk a little bit before the battle!”

 He easily repelled the stone cannons.

 Or did they stray away from their path?

 In any case, the stone cannons changed their trajectory mid-air and were repelled.

 Even though the quagmire should have been set-up near his feet, he was not sinking.

 Was this the power of a North God!?

 No, that’s wrong.

 I’ve definitely heard about the ability of that 『Dragon King Sword』

 “Your anger is reasonable.

 After losing both of your arms and falling into the valley, you would surely want to fight as soon as possible.

 But please wait for a moment.

 After I’ve talked, I’ll keep you company at once.

 A small fry like you can surely make time for the conversation between two strong people, right?”

 A small fry……HAH!

 You underestimatin’ me, I’ll make mincemeat out of ya!

 But I couldn’t bring myself to get angry.

 I certainly couldn’t deny the fact that I looked like a small fry in front of one of the Seven Great World Powers.

 On the contrary, it was refreshing since I'd been getting nothing but praise these days.

 “…………”

 As for me, I didn’t want to wait.

 It was possible that he was stalling for time, I wanted to win as soon as possible and then go around to back others up.

 While thinking that, I took a step back and exchanged looks with Sándor.

 He wasn’t moving, just like Alek.

 If he wasn’t going to fight, I wouldn’t be able to win alone.

 “It can’t be helped.”

 While shrugging, Sándor moved forward.

 “……So, what is it? Stranger.”

 “Stranger? Me? The one who knows more about you than anyone else in this world?”

 “I do think that this is our first meeting though?”

 “The first time we met was when I came out of mother’s belly. Father.”

 I wonder why Sándor was playing dumb.

 “Father. Please stop this.

 I can tell even when you’ve put that clumsy helmet on……”

 If Hitogami peeked into my mind, then even Alek should know that.

 “You are North God Kalman the Second, Alex Ryback!”

 “Alek-kun. You should’ve said that after I removed my helmet.”

 While saying that, Sándor sighed and removed his helmet.

 A black-haired middle-aged man.

 Alek had black hair as well.

 Now that I looked again, they both looked quite similar.

 “After defeating me, you would say that I was a strong enemy, and to at least respect your victory, I would then remove my helmet. Only for you to see that I was your fath————”

 “Enough of that! I thought you died a long time ago……what have you been doing until now!?”

 “……I took on a disciple, and have been teaching martial arts. Recently, I caught the eye of Her Majesty Ariel and have now become a Knight.”

 “Disciple? You, who had entrusted this sword to me and abandoned the North God style, have taken a disciple!?”

 Anger floated onto Alek-kun’s face.

 I don’t know what went on between them.

 But it seemed Sándor’s words had sparked something inside him.

 “Alek-kun, it’s not as if I abandoned the North God Style.”

 “Lies, even now you do not hold a sword!”

 “Hmm.”

 Sándor lifted his rod to show it.

 A rod made of metal

 “You mean this? I think it has made me stronger.”

 “! Are you making fun of me!? That piece of metal, stronger than this Dragon King Sword!?”

 “That’s not true. Alek-kun, that sword is the strongest in the world. I, who have wielded it for 100 years, know that the best.”

 “Then why?”

 “It’s too strong. That sword.”

 In response to Aleksander’s question, Sándor answered.

 As if it was reasonable.

 As if it was obvious.

 As if he were admonishing him.

 “With that sword in hand, no matter how large the beast, no matter how agile the monster, no matter how strong the soldier, they were no match. I won countless battles and became a hero with that sword.”

 “But a thought suddenly came to my mind.

 I became a hero. But, was there some kind of difference before and after I obtained this sword?

 As a result, I began wondering whether North God Kalman II, Alex Ryback, was actually strong or not.”

 “Once those thoughts entered my head, I could no longer fight like before.

 Of course, I didn't intend to deny my comrades and my fights till now, but……

 I simply thought that my time as a hero was over.

 That is why I entrusted you with the title of 『North God the Hero』 , and left to spread the『Teachings of North God Kalman I』.”

 Alek obviously felt left out.

 I didn’t really get it, but the old man Alex(Sándor) got tired of fighting, gave up his characteristic sword, and attempted to spread his teachings.

 And his child who was against it was mad.

 Well, it was not as if I didn’t understand.

 If you were suddenly entrusted with something that big of a responsibility and your father goes missing, of course you’d be angry.

 “And the result was Auber, that wacky faction?”

 “That was also one of the paths to demonstrate the teachings of North God Kalman I.”

 “I have not acknowledged that wacky faction. That is not the North God style.”

 Alexander shook his head without trying to hide his bad mood.

 Auber huh……

 He certainly wasn’t a swordsman.

 More like a ninja.

 “Was it even swordsmanship?”

 “North God Kalman the First used a sword, but there is no need to stick to the sword.”

 “Is that why you’re using that piece of metal?”

 “Yes, with this, I can feel myself getting stronger. And when you can feel your own growth, it is possible for humans to get even stronger.”

 “……I don’t get it”

 Alek-kun looked dissatisfied.

 Perhaps he’s still young.

 He couldn’t say no to the path he had chosen.

 “Alek-kun. I’ll be asking the same thing, why are you here?”

 “I came here to defeat Orsted. After defeating the Dragon God, I will become the 2nd rank.”

 “Oh, you have so much motivation. As your father, I’m proud.”

 While smiling, Sándor praised Alek.

 Sándor-san?

 You’re not wrong for being proud, but you are on our side, right?

 You won’t just say - Alright, I’ll help you out - and then become our enemy, right?

 “I’ve become your enemy this time around, but you have permission to totally defeat me and then go challenge Orsted.”

 “That’s obvious. Even if you have become my enemy, as North God Kalman III, I will definitely show you that I can attain grand fame as well.”

 What’s up with this grand fame?

 Well, that's desirable, but worrying about your family’s or your father’s greatness is also possible.

 I can’t support them from my position though.

 “Not only just that. I’m going to annihilate the Supard race!”

 “Hn? The Supard race are not demons, you know. You’ve seen that once yourself, haven’t you?”

 Alek did nothing but nod to Sándor’s puzzlement.

 “I don’t care about something like that. The Supards are famous as demons. If I were to destroy them, then my name would be passed down as a hero for eternity.”

 “That isn’t something a hero would do.”

 “Maybe. But I can’t help but choose that path. If I don’t, I can’t surpass your exploits. I can’t surpass North God Kalman II’s name.”

 “If you surpass my name then you’ll become a hero?”

 “That’s right!”

 With his mouth partly agape, Sándor faced towards me.

 And then bowed his head.

 “Please forgive me, Rudeus-dono. I thought I could persuade him, but looks like this foolish son of mine is an even greater fool than I had expected.”

 “……It certainly seems that way.”

 It seemed Alek was being manipulated by the word called hero.

 He didn’t want to become a hero by doing heroic things, but was making a fuss about it to become famous.

 It was a situation where anyone would want to say - that’s not how it works.

 I can’t say it properly, but……that’s not how it works.

 “Let’s stop him.”

 “Roger.”

 Sándor put his helmet on and prepared his rod.

 I widened my arms as if to support him from behind.

 Alek came at us while glaring with a sullen look.

 Denying his way of doing things, being called a fool by a stunned expression, his swirling anger had no way to go down.

 “………Do you think you can defeat me, who possesses the Dragon King Sword, with that piece of metal and carrying that novice’s burden?”

 “Yeah, of course. I intend to punish you thoroughly.”

 Sándor declared full of confidence.

 Hearing the word punishment, Alek’s cord of patience was finally cut.

 “Don’t underestimate me!”

 The fight between North God II and North God III began.

 Part 2

 “TAAAAaaaaaaa!”

 Alek took the initiative to shout first.

 Easily wielding the large sword in his hands, he slashed at Sándor’s shoulder.

 “OOOHHHH!”

 Sándor warded off that overwhelming force with his rod.

 Alek lost his posture, making him defensele———NAY.

 He faced his body forward with a fearsome sense of balance and struck Sándor once again.

 Sándor moved as if he was anticipating for that.

 While rotating himself, he parried Alek’s gale-like attack a second time.

 And while parrying it, using the principle of leverage, he swept Alek’s leg.

 Alek’s posture came crumbling down all a————NAY.

 Alek’s body floated as if leaping over Sándor, then came back down to the ground with a speed that was normally impossible.

 Moving in a nonsensical way.

 But I knew that.

 This was the power of Kajakuto 『The Cursed Dragon King Sword』

 ……Gravity manipulation.

 “OORYAAAaaaaaaa!”

 But Sándor was coping with it.

 As he turned his back, the blows from the Dragon King sword were parried and parried and parried.

 He gradually changed his direction, and before long he was facing Alek.

 Alek’s blows weren’t something that could be parried just like that.

 The ground was being gouged every time they clashed, the shockwave from the attacks were chopping up neighboring trees which fell down.

 The vacuum waves that sprung forth cut my cheeks even though I was separated from them.

 But those blows didn’t reach Sándor.

 Although he’s retired, he is still a North God.

 He kept parrying Alek’s attacks perfectly .

 Alek could move freely in all respects due to his gravity manipulating sword. He was acrobatic and it was difficult to predict his movements.

 Furthermore, it wasn’t like Sándor wasn’t doing anything.

 At first glance it looked like he wasn’t moving, but he did move his body little by little so as to gain an advantageous position.

 This was a fight between two fellow North God style users.

 The speed wasn’t that fast.

 It was probably because of my training with Eris and Orsted that I was able to see their movements.

 I could see them, but the sheer number of movements was too high; I couldn’t predict them, thus making it difficult to back him up.

 “WWWHHAAaaaaaa!”

 “TOOOOAAaaaaaa!”

 Still, these guys were noisy.

 Like I had the time to think about such thoughts!

 I fixed my breathing and looked at them carefully.

 If they were struggling for supremacy, then depending on my interruption, the progress of the battle could incline.

 It was difficult to predict their movements even if I saw them with my foresight eye.

 But, aside from Alek’s, I could see Sándor’s movements.

 It was easier to predict him compared to Alek at least.

 There was a pattern.

 He went right and then left.

 With this flow, if the opponent went right behind his back then……

 “There!”

 I fired a stone cannon.

 The stone cannon made a high-pitched noise and flew straight, impacting on Alek.

 No, neither did it went straight nor was it a direct hit.

 It curved.

 While chiseling through Alek’s armor, it vanished into the forest.

 But Alek’s posture collapsed.

 “Haaa!”

 Without passing up that opportunity, Sándor struck Alek in his solar plexus.

 “Ugh……!”

 However, Alek leaped into the sky while groaning.

 He came directly at me.

 Fast!

 “Don’t interrupt, small fry!”

 < An axe kick. A killing attack from diagonally above. >

 While watching it with my foresight eye, I tried warding it off with my remaining gauntlet.

 “Ough……”

 The moment I took the attack, my feet were caught by tremendous gravity.

 The gauntlet broke and I fell down onto my knees.

 My hand flew as it was cut……

 Or so I thought, but the black arm made a heavy screeching noise while warding it off.

 The Atofe-hand was strong.

 “Those arms……! Are those grandmother’s!?”

 『Electric』!

 I fired electric from my other hand which had been stockpiling mana.

 The purple lightning licked Alek’s body.

 I continued and built up mana in my left hand to fire a stone cannon in his face at point-blank.

 “TOORYAaaaaaaaa!”

 But Alek didn’t stop.

 Evading my stone cannon by bending himself backwards, he attacked my feet by doing a spin on one leg.

 I jumped right away to avoid it.

 But Alek had already reorganized his posture by that time.

 A single blow to bisect my neck approached me.

 “HAAaaaa!”

 Just as it was about to, Sándor plunged his rod into Alek from his side.

 While making a tailspin, Alek leaped with great strength towards my right……but he softly landed with a trajectory that defied gravity.

 “………Phew.”

 At first glance, no damage could be seen on him.

 Looks like 『Electric』 didn’t have much effect on him too.

 Was it the power of the sword?

 Or was it the performance of the armor?

 Or was his endurance just for pretend?

 Was it because of the difference in training? Or was it because of the difference in our body structure?

 It wouldn’t be strange if it were any of those.

 “I’ve gone easy a little bit too much, I guess. Maybe I’ll try becoming a bit more serious……”

 Alek talked as if he was a losing player in a beat-em-up game, but the situation didn’t look bad.

 At this rate, we might win.

 Sándor fights as the vanguard and I back him up.

 If we kept hitting him one at a time, we’ll definitely be able to bring him down.

 North God Kalman III.

 He’s a formidable enemy, but Sándor is strong as well.

 If there’s a struggle for supremacy, then with my contribution we can win.

 I’m not a burden!

 “A little shoddy, huh?”

 Or so I thought, but Sándor’s words were unreliable.

 No way!

 Are we not superior?

 Sándor had no damage.

 My previous actions broke the Zariff prosthetic hand, but the Atofe-hand was equally or even more efficient.

 We can still make it.

 “He’s preserving his strength right now so that he can fight Orsted-sama later. He’s probably raising his power gradually.”

 Ah, damn.

 So he was holding back.

 It seems he’s treating me as a small fry a bit too much.

 “How much more time will Roxy-dono take?”

 “I don’ t know.”

 She’ll let us know when the preparations are ready. It’s already been half-a-day, so I guess it’ll be done sometime soon.

 As long as Zanoba and Eris don’t let the enemy through and reach Roxy and the others.

 “It seems he has become quite strong since the time I knew him. I might’ve boasted a bit too much.”

 Sándor said with not much confidence.

 I want you to try your best without saying such words.

 Since I’ll try my best to support you.

 “Anyway, let’s try to earn some time.”

 “Ro-roger.”

 After our short exchange of words, Sándor charged ahead.

 Alek too ran forward in concord.

 “UUOOO!”

 “DORYAAA!”

 And once again, the exchange of blows started.

 But Sándor was right.

 You couldn’t see the change at a glance.

 But Sándor’s parries started decreasing.

 Each time he received a hit, his posture broke down a bit.

 Alek’s level of attacking was getting crazy.

 His appearance wasn’t changing, but probably his weight.

 If Sándor was in an disadvantageous position, then I couldn’t get a direct hit from the stone cannon.

 Would it be warded off or repelled or avoided?

 He could do any one of them.

 “………”

 I didn’t fire stone cannon.

 Instead I’ll use magic to control the earth.

 First, I’ll bring a stop to his irregular aerial movement through which he’s hopping around so much.

 In that case, Sándor will have a little more comfort and the range of tactics he can use will increase as well.

 As a result, my stone cannon should hit him as well.

 For that reason.

 『Earth Lancer』!”

 I produced 4 earth pillars as if to surround the both of them.

 And then to top it all off…

 『Earth Web』!”

 I made a web of earth above Sándor, some 50 centimeters above.

 If the top is obstructed, then his irregular aerial movement will……

 “Irritating!”

 It was torn down in an instant.

 So it was no good.

 “What happened Father? This is the best you can do?”

 Oh no.

 Sándor was steadily being driven into a corner.

 It was not a difference in technique. It was unmistakably the difference between their weapons.

 The more it got hit by the Dragon King Sword, the more crooked Sándor’s rod became.

 If I backed him using stone cannon in a panic, it will just bend away.

 Furthermore, he might’ve been putting me off because he started ignoring the stone cannons.

 Not good, at this rate we won’t even be able to stall for time.

 The situation will become gradually worse and we’ll be defeated.

 “GAAaaaaa!”

 It was at that time.

 Someone’s figure plunged into Alek’s flank like a comet.

 That woman, having red hair and with the sword in her hands, struck Alek with all her might.

 While receiving that blow and the one from Sándor as well, he was blown off backwards.

 The red swordswoman gave pursuit.

 After landing as if ignoring gravity, Alek swung his large sword on the spot.

 The red swordswoman couldn’t cope with that.

 “HAH……!”

 But behind her. A green-haired soldier following behind her back staved off that attack.

 “GAAAaaaaa!”

 The Mad Dog howled.

 Brandishing the sword.

 A blow was aimed at the nape of the neck, but its trajectory was once again changed by something invisible.

 Though the sword was driven into the top of the shoulders, the sturdy armor was able to unexpectedly stop that attack with only but a scratch left.

 The Mad Dog didn’t chase him too far.

 No sooner than she saw that the attack was a failure, she quickly leaped back.

 Immediately following that, the large sword was brought down upon the place she moved out of, cutting a bunch of her hair.

 She distanced herself from him.

 The red-haired and green-haired, with their backs turned against me, stood there.

 “Rudeus, I’ve kept you waiting!”

 Eris said as she glanced over here.

 Ruijerd didn’t turn over, but he may have already confirmed my safety via his third eye.

 They had come over to save us.

 If I were a girl, I would have immediately fallen in love with them.

 Embrace me! Make a mess out of me!

 “This can't be……”

 When I became like a young girl, Alek had an astonished face.

 Nay, it would be better to say that he had been shocked.

 “Impossible, Gull Farion was defeated?”

 So what happened? When he saw Ruijerd, he nodded.

 Seriously?

 Was Sword God defeated with the two of them working together?

 “Though he resigned his seat as the Sword God, he couldn’t have been defeated so easily……it seems I might have overestimated that person’s circumstances.”

 While proudly saying those words, Alek wore a sorrowful face.

 If I recall when they pushed me off the bridge, he looked on good terms with Gull.

 “It was only for a short time, but……he was a nice person nevertheless……”

 Alek’s presence changed.

 It was different from before.

 The feeling that he was going easy on us vanished.

 “Even though I thought that I would quickly deal with the two of them and then proceed to fight Orsted……”

 Alek prepared himself as he lowered his body.

 Something was coming.

 Sensing an overwhelming presence, Eris and Ruijerd lowered their bodies in vigilance.

 But if he was going to go all-out now of all times, then it was already too late.

 In addition to Sándor and me, there were Eris and Ruijerd.

 It was 4 vs. 1.

 Even if he’s one of the World Powers holding the strongest sword……

 “Right hand sword.”

 The sword in Alek’s right hand raised, its tip facing the sky.

 “Left hand sword.”

 Alek held the sword’s handle with his left hand.

 Using both hands.

 The large sword that he had been swinging with one hand, he was now holding it with two.

 I wonder if that was his real fighting style.

 “Not good! Run!”

 Sándor gave out a sharp shout and jumped on his right.

 But it was too late.

 “Brought about by both hands, a life is lost, leaving only death with but one intent.”

 Alek held the Dragon King Sword above his head.

 “My name is Aleksander Ryback of the North God Style.”

 Then I realized my body was afloat.

 It wasn’t just me.

 Eris, Ruijerd, and Sándor who jumped to the side as well.

 Everyone’s bodies were floating in air.

 Of course, the falling leaves, the branches of the trees, everything was rising from the surface.

 The Dragon King Sword’s Gravity Manipulation.

 Once you’re up, forget about coming down. You can’t even move properly.

 Even if you kicked and struggled with your limbs, you couldn’t move from the spot even a little bit.

 A completely defenseless position.

 Alek could be seen putting all of his power into it.

 “Now is the time for me to avenge my sworn friend!”

 Crap.

 As I thought that my body moved on its own.

 I loaded mana in both my hands and created a shockwave.

 Eris, Ruijerd, and Sándor were blown far into the distance.

 I immediately hauled in the remains of Zarif's prosthetic hand that were floating near me and pointed the Magic Absorbing Stone that was fixed at its tip towards Alek.

 Something that was between me and the sword disappeared and I landed on the ground.

 Throwing the Magic Absorbing Stone into the wind, I drove all of my mana into both my hands.

 As I faced Alek, who was on the verge of swinging his large sword downwards————

 『Secret Technique: Gravity Rupture』 !

 A flash and an explosion.

 ——————My consciousness paused.

 Part 3

 When I woke up, I was on top of a tree.

 I was blown off.

 I realized that fact because my legs had bone fractures.

 The leg parts were smashed to pieces, and my leg had twisted in a weird way.

 It wasn’t just the legs.

 Most of my body-parts had broken, and I was being assailed with intermittent pain around my chest.

 Probably a rib or two had broken.

 “*cough*………ghah, ghah.”

 I was coughing violently and pain ran through my chest, but it wasn’t severe enough to hinder my speech.

 I chanted healing magic right away and cured my wounds.

 “Just how far was I blown……uuuohh!?”

 When I raised my body, the branch that was holding me broke.

 While cracking the branches, I fell down from a fair distance.

 But I had still not fallen to the ground.

 It seems I was blown off to quite a high place.

 As I was thinking that, I could see the ground.

 There was a crater.

 A crater with a diameter possibly even of 20 meters.

 Something like that had appeared in front of the valley.

 There wasn't anything like that before.

 It was created just moments ago.

 Possibly with the attack just now.

 “Seriously?”

 I suddenly turned my neck around.

 I could see something glittering at the Supard village.

 It was a light I recognized.

 “That is……uuuoohhh!?”

 The branch I was sitting on broke again.

 This time I fell straight towards the ground while hitting many branches on the way.

 “Owww……”

 I had just used healing magic, but was injured once again.

 I quickly chanted healing magic and cured my wounds once again.

 At any rate, I must grasp the situation.

 What happened to Eris, Ruijerd, and Sándor?

 And Alek?

 “!”

 While thinking that, I stood up and could see a person right before me.

 Getting startled, I quickly took a stance with my shaking body.

 But the one before me wasn’t an enemy.

 “Sándor-san!”

 “……Could you heal me as well?”

 He was covered with injuries.

 The armor was partially destroyed, the helmet was broken, and blood was coming out of his head.

 His left hand was loosely hanging down.

 “Yes, of course.”

 I touched his body with my hands and healed his wounds with healing magic.

 “Thank you.”

 “Where are Eris and Ruijerd?”

 I asked about those two immediately after I was thanked.

 Even Sándor was wounded like this.

 Then Eris and Ruijerd were in bad shape as well.

 “They have minor injuries. It’s good that we were able to gain some distance thanks to you, Rudeus-dono. They might not even need healing magic. Although they're still unconscious.”

 I felt relieved by that report.

 “And, where’s North God Kalman III?”

 “It looks like he went ahead of us after seeing that we were defeated.”

 “He didn’t deliver the final blow?”

 “That technique just now was the strongest killing technique of the North God Style. He may have thought that there wouldn’t be any need.”

 It was fine when I fell down the valley, but it looks like he really has a screw loose up there.

 But we were saved thanks to that.

 But we let him through.

 We let him through to Orsted’s place.

 Orsted will probably win.

 Even he should’ve fought Aleksander with the Dragon King Sword in one of his loops.

 He shouldn’t have fought him seriously if there was no need in the route, but I am sure he could defeat him just as easily as he defeated Water God Reida.

 But that attack.

 There were other people in the Supard village as well.

 The Supards that just recovered from the plague, Julie, Norn……

 If in order to protect them he took that sword technique upon himself to ward it off, then……

 He would probably end up using a lot of mana.

 A fight to protect is much harder than a fight to attack.

 If Orsted couldn’t protect everyone, then it would mean the death of all of them.

 “Sándor-san, can you still fight?”

 “Do you intend to go?”

 “It’s not over yet. I just saw a light coming out of the village. It’s the summoning light. If Roxy’s preparations are finished, then we're just getting started.”

 When I said that.

 A green-haired male came running from within the forest.

 Two of them. Both of them were Supard warriors.

 It wasn’t Ruijerd.

 They quickly approached us after looking at our figures.

 “A message from Roxy. The summoning was a success.”

 “Alright.”

 I nodded.

 “Well then, I’ll be going first, let me have the privilege of stalling him.”

 “Please be careful not to overexert yourself.”

 “I understand.”

 After a short exchange of words, Sándor began running.

 “I’ll let you handle the nursing of Eris and Ruijerd. When they wake up, message them for support.”

 “Alright!”

 “Please guide me.”

 “Yes!”

 I entrusted Eris and Ruijerd to the nodding Supard warrior and took the other warrior with me and headed towards Roxy’s place.

 Jumping over the roots of trees, crossing the thicket, I headed straight ahead.

 I wasn’t that fast because of the broken Magic Armor.

 I mean it had already lost all its function and was now heavy.

 I stripped out of Magic Armor 『MK. II』 on the way.

 And ran with my casual clothing.

 North God Kalman III was stronger than we had expected.

 But we must not pull back now.

 This was a critical moment.

 “Rudeus……!”

 I reached my destination.

 Roxy wasn’t there.

 The ones who were left were only Elinalize and the remaining Supard warriors.

 Then, it’s as planned.

 “You look awful……”

 Although I had cured myself with healing magic, looking at my tattered clothes and armor, Elinalize stared in amazement.

 But she quickly stiffened her face.

 “The preparations are complete.”

 Behind her.

 There was an impromptu magic formation written.

 But it had already lost its light.

 It was something that was identical to the drawing in the scroll that I had lost at the bottom of the valley.

 The name of the manufacturer of that scroll was Roxy Greyrat.

 That magic formation had already collapsed.

 It collapsed due to the weight of the huge armor that stood on top of it.

 For the worst case scenario, this was created as a duplicate if the Magic Armor was destroyed during the war.

 Not having enough space in the armory of the office, this one machine was unwillingly put in the workshop.

 The only trump card which escaped the destruction of the office.

 “It’s the Magic Armor 『MK. I 』“

 Well then, it’s time for Round 2.

 Author’s Q&A

 Q. Teacher, are you a little bit in confusion?

 A. It was a little misspelling this time or how should I say this.

 I wrote 『Second Generation』 and 『Third Generation』 as the title for the fight between Alex and Aleksander but screwed up, then I fixed the title to 『Alek』 and 『Earl』 but then again screwed up, I fixed 『Earl』 to 『Sándor』……

 Because of what I did it became awful.

 I think it’s quite hard to read now. I’m terribly sorry.

 Q. What kind of appearance does the Magic Armor is the most similar to if compared to any mecha anime?

 I imagine it as Koubu from Sakura Wars.

 A. Let’s see……it can be Koubu.

 It can be Scopedog from VOTOMS.

 It can be Destroid from Macross.

 I imagine it as such from boorish series like that but it would be fine to imagine however you feel like it.

 Q. So there were two pieces of Magic Armor MK. I, one of which was in the office and one machine at Zanoba’s workshop? I do remember that there was a description of magic formation of the office set-up in the workshop. I wonder if the scrapped-up parts were used as the second installment of MK. I.

 A. That’s right.

 Something like this might happen, so they created a second installment of MK. I.

 Q. Was 2nd Gen’s rank higher than Death God before he retired the Dragon King Sword?

 A. No, it was the same as now.

 The ranking has nothing to do with the power levels, which constantly changes.

 Q. I wonder if the Magic Armor that was in the office was stolen.

 A. It’s heavy to begin with, and since no one can move it the probability is low.

 Q. 2nd Gen or 3rd Gen, who is stronger?

 A. At the very least, the 2nd seemed to be at the top during the time he handed over the Dragon King Sword.

 And during those days, the child who was not swallowed up by that sword seemed strong.

 Q. Sword God’s battle was quite terrific but Jino is well……

 Jino suddenly came into the spotlight without any development, when he fought a stronger opponent, he defeated a person far stronger than him. That kind of development didn’t correspond well. That’s the only complaint I have.

 A. Perhaps Gull Farion too held a similar feeling.

 Q. Atofe’s parts compensated for the loss of hands but if it got attached with Former Sword God after he failed to cut the neck, would it become Atofe-body?

 A. Well, if there was the box around there by chance at that time.

 Q. Did Former Sword God’s sword break? The armor had not aged but it was thanks to Atofe-hand, Atofe-hand is black and really hard.

 A. When eating something soft the hard thing inside it can nick your teeth, sort of like that!

 Q. Saying that there won’t be anymore changes in the World rankings would be a spoiler so I wished that you hadn’t said that.

 A. Gull Farion’s position was taken by Jino Blitz so Eris defeating Gull won’t have any effect, right? Thus is my answer to your question.

 It shouldn’t be a spoiler.

 Q. Alex → Alexander → Alexandor → Sandor → Sándor, so that’s how it is!

 A. Nope, Sándor is the hungarian name for Alexandros, that’s all.

 Q. Please tell me about the history of Rudeus’s right and left hand.

 A. Right Hand : Rudeus’s right hand is born. It held talent when he was little, it grew as the most reliable hand of Rudeus.

 Left Hand : Rudeus’s left hand is born. It couldn’t keep up with the right hand, but the right hand can’t always show it’s talent without it. It grew as an excellent support.

 Q. Since Earl is the son of the immortal demon lord so he has regeneration, why would he need healing magic?

 But it could also be that his regeneration couldn’t keep up with his wounds.

 A. There are times when Curaga is needed rather than Regen.

 Q. ”Ah, this is father’s nickname. Wow, it’s been what, 100 years or so. I always wanted to talk like this with you when I was a kid……”

 For a kid who could've said something like this to be such a foolish kid……

 A. This scene is probably far into the future.

 Q. What are the subjugation group 100 strong doing right now?

 A. After watching lighting falling down on them and the bridge falling down as well, they’ve lost all will to fight and have completely stopped moving.

 Q. Wasn’t the master of that wacky faction Aleksander?

 In Ch 174, it’s written that Wii Taa’s master is North God Kalman III.

 A. Wii Taa is Kalman III’s disciple.

 His growth was sluggish, but when he became independent he came to know about Auber’s wacky faction, and then rose to North King.

 Still, he wasn’t Auber’s disciple. There are many in the wacky faction who follow Alek’s way of doing things.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
