Volume 23  15 — North God the Third vs Dead End + α

Volume 23 Chapter 15: North God the Third vs Dead End + α

 

 Part 1

 After activating the MK. I, I set out after the North God.

 Inside the forest, avoiding trees, I simply headed towards the North God.

 While running, I estimated the amount of mana left in my body.

 I consumed some fraction of it during my battle with the North God, but something of that level didn’t even come close to 10% of it.

 I still had a surplus of mana.

 But a little while ago, while fighting the North God, the continuous rumbling in the background had stopped.

 Zanoba and Doga.

 No matter how good their compatibility was, it seems that a God class enemy was impossible.

 I hope that they’re alright.

 Although, if we assume that those two got taken out, then…

 The North God and the Ogre God.

 I would have to fight those two.

 I wonder if I have enough mana.

 I can’t run out halfway like I did in the battle with Orsted.

 No, the current moment was critical.

 Let’s stop thinking about the past.

 I have to address the things in front of me one at a time.

 For now, the first goal.

 North God Kalman the Third.

 Part 2

 By the time I arrived at the scene, Sándor had already been defeated.

 He was sitting at the base of a tree with his eyes downtrodden.

 He didn’t have a weapon on him.

 His rod was lying broken near him.

 The one who was looking down on him was Alek.

 North God Kalman the Third had overpowered the previous generation.

 “Father, how long are you going to continue this little game?

 You must understand, right?

 That you can’t win against me if you don’t have at least one of the Cursed Swords.”

 Sándor did not answer.

 He may have already passed out.

 I didn’t want to imagine that he’s dead.

 “Or was this also part of your plan?

 Playing dead. Such novelties are everyone’s specialty in that wacky faction, aren’t they?

 No matter what happens, excel yourself and achieve the goal.

 I also think that that approach is wonderful.

 Although honestly, I think Auber’s group was overdoing it, but……

 Why did my father, who taught them, choose to deny me……?”

 Sándor did not answer.

 He just continued to remain in silence.

 “Well then, it’s about time I get going.”

 Alek said that and turned around.

 To face me.

 “……Huh?”

 He looked like he had run into a bear.

 An unexpected encounter.

 He never thought that he would meet this person here.

 That kind of face.

 That Magic Armor should no longer be usable.

 “My son. I’ll answer your question.”

 And so for but a few seconds.

 In the time Alek stood there shocked, Sándor stood up.

 “Playtime is over.

 As you said, without a Cursed Sword, I cannot win.

 That’s why I borrowed one from Eris.

 But that was just a last resort. With just a Cursed Sword, the chances of victory would still be slim.

 So I waited. I persevered and persevered, played dead and waited.

 For certain victory.”

 As he said that, Sándor took out a single sword from his back.

 That was the second sword owned by Eris.

 The Cursed Sword 『Prominence』.

 “Why did I deny you?

 That is because you, who aims to be a hero, are acting far from what a hero actually does.

 A hero carries out his duties heroically, using whatever he can to grasp victory.

 Not kicking around the weak to gain fame; challenging an enemy far stronger than oneself without any chance of victory, and then winning to seize the title of an hero.

 Not like me, but in the same fashion as North God Kalman the First.”

 Sándor unsheathed his sword with his aloof atmosphere and took his stance.

 The Cursed Sword 『Prominence』was a short sword.

 But in Sándor’s hand, it seemed like a weapon fitting for a North God.

 His beloved Alek glanced towards Sándor over his shoulder .

 “……I get it.

 Reinforcements……

 Gisu did say to not let Rudeus get into the Magic Armor.

 But that is simply fighting the enemy in their best form.

 With just the two of you, do you think that you can win against me holding this Dragon King Sword?”

 “Who said there are just two of us?”

 Sándor’s words.

 And as if in response to him, the bushes moved.

 Two people came out from there.

 A red haired woman and a man with green hair.

 Eris and Ruijerd.

 While I went to get the Magic Armor, they had woken up.

 They both still had injuries, but the two of them were far tougher than me.

 “……”

 Eris took a glance at me.

 That gaze held great meaning.

 Those eyes said that she would entrust her back to me.

 Ruijerd was also giving me a similar gaze.

 Although it was his first time seeing the Magic Armor, through his third eye, he could see that it was me.

 And thus, as if it was natural, he was coming towards me.

 And so, I will be supporting these three.

 As long as the Magic Armor 『MK. I』 holds out.

 It may seem like a pathetic position.

 But that's how it is.

 We’ve been doing things like this since long ago.

 Eris in the centre, Ruijerd in charge of control, and me as backup.

 There wasn’t any need for words.

 There’s an extra person mixed in, but this was the best formation.

 “Now then, it’s time for the second round.”

 On Sándor’s command, the second round between North Gods began.

 Part 3

 Coming right from the front was Eris.

 She was, as usual, going for the fastest victory in the shortest distance. She was brandishing her drawn sword, and ran straight towards Alek.

 Alek handled it well.

 A slash too fast for my eyes to see.

 It was handled safely and countered.

 Eris's attack seemed to continue on without any break, but there was certainly a small pause that my eyes couldn’t see.

 But the counter was completely prevented.

 It was Ruijerd.

 Each time he swung his spear, Alek’s counter failed.

 Ruijerd was moving around in Eris's shadow.

 No matter how many mistakes Eris made, as long as Ruijerd was there, those mistakes couldn’t be taken advantage of.

 But at times, Alek ignored gravity.

 Just when you thought that his stance was broken, he would make some weird movement, and carry out continuous attacks or swap to defense.

 From his big evasions, just when you thought that he was performing an acrobatic dodge, he would suddenly dive in for an attack.

 Against those movements, not even Ruijerd could cope.

 These movements, that Ruijerd couldn't deal with, were prevented by Sándor.

 North God Kalman the Second, the man who knew more about manipulating gravity than anyone else, prevented them.

 Aiming at where he was going to land or striking at him in the air.

 Although Alek avoided direct hits, it wasn’t going how he wanted it to.

 It all ultimately resulted in his vain exhaustion of stamina and increase in injuries.

 On the other hand, whenever he retreated back, he fell prey to my magic.

 The stone cannons that even Orsted couldn't avoid were bent away by the Dragon King Sword.

 But on the verge of hitting him, I activated the Magic Absorption Stone and a few shots managed to graze him.

 It wasn’t a direct hit, but the rain of bullets kept him from moving around and wouldn’t allow him to gain distance from Eris.

 Although the『Electric』that I shot with what I thought was the perfect timing was easily avoided, Alek wasn’t getting any time to catch his breath.

 And so, there was no room for him to use that 『Killer Move』 from before.

 “Ghu……!”

 Alek was both stronger and faster than anyone here.

 But because he was rushing, because he was impatient, he was getting sloppy.

 To the point that sloppiness itself was exuding from Alek’s entire movement.

 With absolute stability, it had become a battle with us having the advantage.

 The damage given was also compounding.

 There was no unnecessary movement.

 It’s not as if we’re certain that we’ll be able to defeat him.

 But if this situation keep getting gradually worse like this, he will eventually be destroyed.

 Stamina and magic.

 If this keeps up for a bit longer, he’s bound to run out.

 Since this battle started, who has been expending themselves the most?

 From the start of the fight, who has been the most wasteful?

 That was someone who, right after the battle started, revealed their ultimate technique.

 “……Tch!”

 Eris's face got scratched.

 Just a scratch.

 But as time passed, more wounds added up.

 There was one flaw.

 Sándor.

 North God Kalman the Second.

 The man formerly known as one of the Seven Great World Powers, had a flaw.

 But that couldn’t be helped.

 While fighting the Third, after taking his ultimate technique, he had been protecting Eris and Ruijerd.

 And so, until we came, he continued to stall North God Kalman the Second until he had become worn-out.

 Even an outsider could see that his movements were losing their brilliance.

 But he was still moving.

 He was handling his job.

 Or it might be that he could somehow handle the job due to Alek’s sloppiness.

 But he was still human; he had his limits.

 Of course, Eris too, and I, who was watching the opponent’s movements with the foresight eye as well.

 Even the veteran hero Ruijerd, was breathing slightly harder.

 It was a tough battle.

 Constantly maintaining a paper-thin line between offence and defense.

 Sándor was probably about to hit his limit.

 “………”

 But he still had some energy left.

 Unlike before, I was wearing the Magic Armor『MK I』.

 With its high line of sight, it was easy to oversee the battle.

 The range of my support had increased.

 Sándor was being overwhelmed.

 Then, in order to support Sándor and those movements, it should be fine to change tactics for a bit.

 The attack pattern will be Rock Spear from below and Vacuum Wave from above.

 And then, increasing the usage frequency of the Magic Absorption Stone.

 Alek ignoring gravity and freely moving in three dimensions was simply one of the Dragon King Sword’s abilities after all.

 And I’ve already confirmed the Magic Absorption Stone’s effectiveness against the Dragon King Sword.

 By increasing its usage frequency, the extent of my support will decrease, but Alek’s movements will also be limited.

 As a result, Sándor’s burden would decrease by 30%.

 But that would still only be 30%.

 It wasn’t enough for him to restore his stamina and continue the match.

 We had the advantage.

 But victory was far off.

 It was something that we couldn’t help but think about.

 ……Rather, could I keep the Magic Absorption Stone deployed forever?

 While constantly deploying the Magic Absorption Stone, my long distance magic would be wasted, but if it was the ability of Magic Armor MK. I, then close-combat was possible.

 If I seal those acrobatic movements, it will become a great advantageous situation……or would it?

 No, it wouldn’t.

 Eris, Ruijerd, and Sándor.

 Those three were standing at point blank range.

 There was no room for the massive Magic Armor in there. No matter how much power and speed it has, without the technique to go with it, it will only hold them back.

 But how about just stalling for time?

 For Sándor to step back and recover his stamina.

 Just a few minutes.

 Wouldn’t just that make a huge difference?

 Wait……Alek is a North God.

 Even without his gravity manipulation, he must have fighting techniques.

 It’s impossible that he doesn’t have any.

 Gravity manipulation was not his true power.

 Even if that had been sealed and he had fallen a rank, my close combat abilities were 2 or 3 ranks below Sándor’s.

 Even with the foresight eye, I still couldn’t read Alek’s movements.

 And because of that, I may put a huge burden on Eris and Ruijerd.

 They were already getting scratches here and there.

 With just another finger, or a hair's breadth of difference, an artery could be cut.

 Eris was going all out.

 Right from the very beginning, without wasting a breath, she rushed right in.

 But she was already falling apart. It was because Alek was good.

 She might still be exhausted from her fight with the Sword God, or maybe she’s still injured from Alek’s killer technique.

 Even so, as far as I can tell, Eris was giving her best performance.

 But I didn’t know how long this was going to continue.

 Ruijerd was still recovering from his illness.

 He should still have been confined to his bed for another couple of days.

 He might be moving around fine right now, but it was possible that he would suddenly fall to the ground with a thump.

 What to do?

 If it goes on as it is now, we won’t lose, but we won’t win.

 My magic power was still fine, but Sándor will eventually hit his limit.

 What to do?

 What should I do?

 Fully deploying the Magic Absorption Stone, preparing for the risk, and head for the front?

 Or should I use some other kind of magic to break the deadlock?

 Should we start afresh?

 It’s hard.

 “Gah!”

 As I was thinking that, Alek’s aim changed from Eris to Sándor.

 By decreasing his interaction with Eris, Alek’s outer body began to be covered in wounds from slashing attacks.

 But of course, we weren’t able to hit him with a decisive blow.

 I could see his aim.

 Alek had also realized it.

 That if Sándor was taken out, then the balance would break.

 A chill ran down my spine.

 Sándor’s death.

 Following that, Eris's death.

 And then Ruijerd dies, making it one on one, and then I would be killed.

 We’ll lose.

 (Is there no way to decide the battle quickly?)

 Inside me, an unthinkable worry was born. Impatience was born.

 My movements dulled, and the unease that I may have made the wrong decision emerged.

 A small mistake emerged.

 Even if I made a small mistake, Ruijerd would do something about it.

 That said, it was most certainly a burden.

 At this rate, it would be no good.

 Something.

 Something must happen.

 Something decisive must happen.

 As I thought that.

 “………!”

 A decisive moment came.

 It appeared from deep within the forest.

 The first thing to come flying was a cluster of dark grey steel.

 It came flying out, rolling like a ball, hit a tree, and then stopped.

 The lump of steel quickly got up.

 But the helmet was missing, the massive armor was covered in dents, blood was flowing from his head, and his nose was bleeding profusely. He had a hazy expression.

 Without letting go of his weapon, doing his best to hide his rustic expression, he glared at the opponent that sent him flying.

 It was Doga.

 The next one to come flying was a lanky person.

 His armour was already gone and his top half was bare.

 With his thin beat up body, he slammed into Doga who came flying moments ago.

 It was Zanoba.

 And then the decisive moment.

 That was something with red skin and long fangs.

 His stature easily crossed over 2 metres, he was covered with sinewy meat, and he fell down from above like a monkey.

 There was no *THUNK* nor *TMP* nor *THOK*. With a very strange landing noise, he fell near us.

 “……!”

 Ogre God Malta.

 The second he appeared, all movements stopped.

 At the same time, my body began to tremble.

 A bunch of crazy thoughts began floating inside my mind.

 This battle.

 Why did he come over here?

 Could we win?

 Would we lose?

 Should we fall back for now?

 Or should we attack?

 “Ooh! Ogre God-dono!”

 Looking happier than anybody else, Alek gave an honest smile.

 As soon as he saw the Ogre God, a joyful smile crossed his face.

 Seeing that smile, it was possible that even he was having a hard time before.

 I see. It wasn’t just us having a hard time.

 The battle was also difficult for him.

 I get it.

 He wanted to go ahead, or so he thought, but was being stalled here.

 We haven’t lost yet, but we have yet to find a plan to break through.

 He can no longer use that killer technique.

 If this situation continued for a long time, he’s bound to be mentally exhausted.

 “You came at an excellent time!”

 Contrary to Alek’s smile, the Ogre God had a sullen face.

 A sullen face wondering - Why the hell are you guys here?

 The face that Alek had shown when he looked at me like he had met a bear. Right now, it could be said that the Ogre God had the face of a bear that ran into a person.

 But this was bad.

 This battle situation.

 In a situation where we would most likely crumble within ten minutes, enemy reinforcement had arrived.

 “Could you please give me a hand?”

 The Ogre God nodded in agreement.

 Part 4

 We completely lost our remaining strength.

 I was already running all around the battlefield, and now I had to provide support for battles against two targets.

 Seeing an opening, I managed to heal Zanoba’s and Doga’s wounds.

 But they were inferior to the Ogre God.

 Each time the Ogre God moved at a speed unbefitting of his massive size, Zanoba and Doga were blown away.

 Even when Zanoba forcibly uprooted a tree to bash him, the Ogre God didn’t suffer any damage and counterattacked by blowing Zanoba away.

 Doga continued to swing his massive axe without giving him a single wound, but was swatted away like a mosquito and blown away.

 Even though neither Zanoba nor Doga should lose in strength.

 They were being blown away.

 Overwhelming power.

 Alek continued his unchanging attack.

 Sándor was mustering up the last of his strength to move around. It’s a mystery how he has been able to support the front line for this long.

 No, it’s not a mystery.

 Sándor was fluctuating and Ruijerd was beginning to tire.

 He’s probably pushing himself.

 This was bad.

 This situation was bad.

 It came to be a situation where we could no longer think of breaking through.

 In just a few minutes, our front line will most certainly come crumbling down.

 We must retreat.

 But there was nothing behind us.

 We would just arrive at where Orsted was.

 Still, it’s not as if Orsted would die.

 But is that ok?

 Would that still be ok?

 It would be a loss, but would it really be ok?

 Is there really no way to break through this deadlock?

 We have to at least take down one of them.

 Think.

 There has to be something.

 If I used all the cards in my hand to the fullest, there has to be something.

 Most of the scrolls were lost but I somehow got the MK. I back.

 The MK. I’s gatling gun, size, speed, and power.

 Is there really nothing that can be done?

 Is there anything?

 Something………!

 “Gah………”

 At last, Sándor fell to his knees.

 And with despair, I looked at the Ogre God.

 It was him.

 If we didn’t stop this rampaging machine, we couldn’t win.

 Another move.

 Just one other move.

 We’ve simply been forced from our advantageous position to a disadvantaged one.

 We can still turn it around.

 If we can do something about this Ogre God, Zanoba or Doga could switch places with Sándor so that he could retreat to the back and recover.

 It’s fine with just one move.

 If it’s only just one.

 “AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA─!”

 It happened then.

 Laughter rang out among the surroundings.

 And at the same time, the base of my arm felt hot.

 The voice sounded familiar. Alek and Sándor suddenly raised their heads and looked around.

 “It certainly has become something quite interesting!”

 In the next instant, something black jumped out of the thicket.

 Wearing black armor and tightly gripping a single sword, that person headed straight for the Ogre God.

 “UGAAAAAAAaaaaa!”

 That person landed a single hit on the Ogre God.

 A terrible *KLING* and *SCHLING* rang out simultaneously, and the sword broke.

 The hand which the Ogre God had guarded with was now profusely pouring blood while he had taken several steps back.

 “HAAAAAA!”

 The black thing did not mind one bit that its sword had been broken.

 Continuing to close in, a sharp fist headed towards the Ogre God’s solar plexus.

 The Ogre God slouched forward for an instant, and was then hit with a left hook.

 His head staggered for a second but he did not fall.

 The Ogre God raised his uninjured hand above his head and hit the black thing.

 The black thing flew back a few meters, spread its wings, and landed softly.

 “AAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Good, good, this is a great feeling!”

 The form like that of the devil.

 I caught my breath.

 “Atofe-sama………!”

 Immortal Demon Lord Atoferatofe.

 The person feared more than any other on the Demon Continent was here.

 “Why……?”

 She turned to look at me, her face twisted with ferocity, and laughed.

 “Kukuku, I smelt from my fission that you were in trouble, and sensing that the final battle was near, I hurried here! I have no idea what’s going on but I’ve made it. The Ogre God and Alek……Kukuku, fufu………AHA, AHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

 Atofe was laughing. Laughing so much that it made me wonder what was so funny.

 With that ominous laugh echoing throughout the forest, Alek was standing there dumbfounded.

 The fission……?

 Right, these arms.

 The situation hadn’t been completely conveyed, but she made it.

 With Atofe here, our forces were more than enough.

 This would work.

 “TO ALL THOSE HERE! I, DEMON LORD ATOFERATOFE RYBACK WILL ERASE YOU ALL!”

 Please, not everyone.

 Dammit, was Moore not here?

 The other Imperial Guards?

 She has no reins!

 By herself!

 “Is what I would like to say, but……”

 Atofe faced the Ogre God.

 He was about twice her height.

 Atofe was quite large for a woman. But still, the Ogre God was massive.

 In height, width, and depth.

 “Ogre God Malta!”

 “Do you wish to fight me next?”

 What came from the Ogre God’s mouth was fluent Demon God Language.

 Contrary to his appearance, his speech was quite dignified.

 I guess that should be expected of the God Class.

 “Your island, The Ogre Island, has been invaded by my Imperial Guards! Leave here quietly! Fail to leave and they will all be slaughtered!”

 “………!”

 The Ogre God showed Atofe a surprised face.

 He searched for the true meaning.

 Whether her words were truth or lies.

 But there was only one thing that could be said.

 I cannot believe that Atofe would be capable of lies or bargaining.

 “Of course, I do not mind even if they’re all slaughtered! In fact I would prefer it! Yes, I would prefer that! Alright, come at me!”

 Atofe spread her hands wide.

 That figure, those words.

 It gave an incredible feel of authenticity.

 The Ogre God’s reaction was extreme.

 In an instant, he curled up his body, and jumped like a monkey.

 To the top of the tree.

 And from there, he looked down at us.

 “Wai……! Ogre God-san!?”

 Alek was in a panic.

 The Ogre God then saw Alek’s situation for the first time.

 With eyes that didn’t care at all of the outcome.

 And then he said:

 “I return. Island in danger.”

 What came from his mouth was the Human language.

 The Human language with a country accent.

 It seemed that, compared to the Human language, the Demon God language was his forte.

 But he was still bilingual.

 Even though Atofe cannot speak the Human language!

 “Hah?”

 The Ogre God jumped from that point and disappeared from the forest.

 With Alek dumbfoundedly seeing him off.

 Alek wasn’t the only one dumbfounded.

 Ruijerd, Sándor, and I all stared in amazement.

 And so, one was left.

 Alek was alone.

 Surrounded by Eris, Ruijerd, Sándor, Zanoba, Doga, Atofe, and I.

 Too disappointing.

 Disappointingly, the Ogre God had left.

 “Now then, the enemy is alone!”

 “H-honored Grandmother………”

 His father turned enemy.

 A grandmother who doesn't listen to reason.

 An irresistibly pitiable situation.

 An atmosphere of being disappointed, dumbfounded, and not knowing what to do.

 But there was one person here who couldn’t read the mood.

 “Gaaa!”

 Eris took advantage of that opening and threw an attack at Alek with all her might.

 “Ngh!”

 Alek blocked.

 A block.

 He neither dodged nor parried, but blocked.

 He blocked the ultimate technique of the Sword God style, the『Longsword of Light』.

 He guarded against the unguardable ultimate technique.

 When he realized, his left hand was flying through the air.

 While spraying blood. Spinning around.

 “Ah.”

 The hand fell to the ground with a splat.

 That was both the sign for resumption of the fight and the decisive moment.

 The fight that had started, seemed to be missing something.

 The North God Style should still have techniques after losing an arm. Even after losing both arms, Alek would probably still be able to do something.

 But those possibilities had quickly been cut off.

 Against such a high level of offense and defense, he could no longer fight without a left hand.

 From then on, it was no longer a fight.

 In just 5 minutes.

 Just 5 minutes.

 Alek, covered in wounds, awkwardly fled the scene.

 Part 5

 “Haa……Haa……”

 It wasn’t an effective tactical retreat.

 Out of breath, he was simply running away from something terrifying.

 North God.

 You wouldn’t think that he was a member of the Seven Great World Powers.

 Entering a good school, getting into a good university, and finding employment within a good company.

 But then, for the first time in his life, he tasted failure like a new employee.

 Driven by frustration, he fled the scene with an unsightly figure.

 But it ended here.

 There was nowhere to run.

 Alek ran pathetically for about an hour and ended up back at the valley.

 He was cornered.

 The pursuit force was five people.

 The second Alek ran, Zanoba fell down and Doga also sank to the ground right there.

 But there were still five people.

 Sándor and Atofe.

 Eris and Ruijerd.

 And me.

 The valley was in front of us.

 It wasn’t a narrow place. There was a precipitous cliff exceeding 200 meters.

 There was no place to run and our strength was sufficient.

 “Dammit……”

 Wasn’t he cornered?

 Or was he acting?

 Alek was standing on the edge of the cliff out of breath.

 It looked as if he was cornered.

 But we mustn’t get careless.

 Although he may have lost a hand, he originally wielded the Dragon King Sword with ONLY one hand.

 With the Dragon King Sword that can manipulate gravity, it doesn't matter that he's missing a hand.

 There's no mistake since I'm speaking as a person whose arm was cut off.

 While I thought that, fear began to cling to his face.

 But he was the North God…

 “Give it up already. You don’t have any techniques to turn this situation around.”

 Sándor said that because……he meant that Alek no longer had any chance for a reversal?

 “Yeah, just die quietly!”

 “Mother, right now, I’m talking with Alek, so could you please be silent for a bit.”

 “Unh……Aahh……”

 Atofe cut in but was shut down by Sándor.

 That Atofe was obedient?

 Witnessing that spectacle, I was once again reminded that they were indeed family.

 Although they aren’t similar at all.

 “Ahem……The energy that you were saving in preparation for your fight with Orsted……the second that you had your hand cut off, it became your loss. Didn’t I keep telling you when you were young? Don’t look down on your opponents no matter what.”

 While holding back, he made a mistake that couldn’t be undone and was defeated.

 It happened a lot.

 Especially while underestimating those under you.

 “Throw away your sword and surrender. As your parent, I cannot hate you.”

 Kind words from Sándor.

 『As your parent』

 Over these last few years, those words had become quite a weakness for me.

 Truth be told, I couldn’t forgive him who tried to slaughter the Supard race.

 But.

 He was not directly Hitogami’s apostle, but was Gisu’s apostle attempt………

 If Alek were to cry and apologize………Well, but, yeah………

 He looked quite young.

 About Paul’s age I guess.

 I didn’t know his current age, but he should be about the age Paul was when he became my parent.

 To call him childish wouldn’t be wrong.

 Then, if from here on out, he sincerely tries to begin anew……

 When I thought that.

 From such an immature child, in a very arrogant attitude, we heard his upfront answer.

 “I don’t wanna!”

 Of course.

 “I wasn’t fighting at my full strength! The left hand was an accident. If the Ogre God didn’t run, this wouldn’t have happened!

 “That is also the reason for your defeat.”

 “Do you mean not to rely on allies!? Even though there were four of you fighting!?”

 “A Hero does not have any allies. When it comes to it, he may receive help, but even if those allies disappear halfway through, he will still win.”

 Sándor said that clearly.

 As if to say that was the only correct answer.

 Because of that, it was strangely convincing.

 What kind of Heroic Legend did he wish to create? I don’t know the details of it, but………I guess that’s what’s to be expected from a retired Hero.

 “But that wasn’t the cause of your defeat. It was your strategy. You should’ve hit us with all your power and then retreated once. After recovering, you should’ve challenged us again.”

 “I won’t have another chance to fight Orsted, you know!”

 “Who was it that said that?

 “……!”

 Looks like he hit the bull’s-eye.

 It was Gisu.

 Orsted was outside of Hitogami’s field of vision.

 And so, Orsted has been missing for a long time.

 You can meet him in Sharia - was only my common knowledge.

 One couldn’t meet him anywhere other than here. There will be no other chance to fight him besides now. You can’t blame him for thinking that.

 Especially since Alek was still young.

 ‘I want to become a Hero’, ‘I want to surpass my father’ - were words that came from being young.

 There won't be a second time. I should take the chance in front of my eyes right now.

 He couldn’t help but think that.

 Although he was a little forceful.

 His attitude itself was something that could be cheered for.

 “You should look for a friend or a rival who holds the same aim as you from your generation.”

 “QUIET!”

 Sándor’s sympathetic words caused Alek to shout out and grip his sword.

 Eris and the others, as if signaled by that, also gripped theirs and stood prepared.

 I also prepared.

 5 vs 1.

 Even though he shouldn’t have a chance of winning.

 “I haven’t lost yet! A Hero would turn this situation around! I will defeat you all! I will eradicate the Supard Race too! And then Orsted! After killing the Dragon God, I’ll be a Hero!”

 The second I felt something gather around his sword, I raised my left hand.

 “『Arm of mine, suck it all up』”

 Gravity malfunctioned for an instant.

 Just like when an elevator ascends, for just a second, my body floated, but quickly returned to the ground.

 “URYAAAAaaaaa!”

 The next instant, Alek’s sword began to shake.

 The five people including me jumped backwards as if spreading out.

 But Alek’s wasn’t aiming at anyone.

 “Khu!”

 It was the ground.

 Alek slammed his large sword into the ground and destroyed it.

 The next instant, earth and sand danced around, lowering the visibility.

 So he was attacking through the smokescreen.

 As I prepared for that thought, my clairvoyance saw something from the gap in the smokescreen.

 I saw Alek falling backwards into the valley……

 Was he killing himself?

 Did he get blown off by his own slashing attack……?

 No.

 Alek’s face showed a smile.

 A disgusting smile.

 A triumphant smile.

 No……that’s right.

 After Alek fell from the bridge, he came back up.

 The Dragon King Sword’s ability, gravity manipulation.

 Even if he falls into the valley, he can easily get out.

 “………!”

 The next instant, I jumped.

 I followed Alek into the valley.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
