Volume 23  16 — Aleksander vs Rudeus

Volume 23 Chapter 16: Aleksander vs Rudeus

 

 Part 1

 As I was falling, I kept my eyes on Alek using Clairvoyance.

 Alek too was keeping an eye on me the moment I fell.

 While being startled.

 As I fell down fast, the distance between us gradually became smaller.

 It was because he was controlling his falling speed with his Dragon King Sword.

 I extinguished that advantage first.

 “『Arm of mine, suck it all up!』”

 Alek’s falling speed returned back to normal.

 But the effect of inertia still remained. I couldn’t stop my speed so abruptly.

 I decreased my falling speed with Wind Magic.

 No, gravity will become my weapon.

 I, who couldn’t use touki, will make the laws of physics my weapons.

 Using the shockwave, I re-positioned myself in mid-air.

 And directed my falling self straight above Alek.

 “OOOOHHhhhhhh!”

 With our constant relative velocity, I hit Alek.

 Alek took it with his sword acting as a shield, and he was struck by the cliff, killing his momentum.

 I kept using the Magic Absorbing Stone during that time.

 Due to its recoil, I got closer to the cliff as well, but I re-organized my posture using a shockwave and kicked the cliff to accelerate myself.

 I caught up with Alek once again.

 “ORRAAaaa!”

 I hit him!

 I accelerated with a shockwave and hit him.

 Using the relative velocity, I hit and hit him.

 I hit him with the laws of physics.

 "AAAAHHHHH!"

 Alek shouted.

 Was it incomprehensible for him that he was being hit in mid-air?

 Even I didn't know.

 I didn't know why I was doing this.

 I simply thought that I couldn't pass this opportunity up.

 I thought that if I left this kid who had a lack of morale, then someone would be put at a disadvantageous position.

 And the one who would be left in a disadvantageous position would be me as an enemy.

 My family, my friends, someone.

 “AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!”

 Without any reason I shouted as well.

 It’s not like I hadn’t heard of Alek’s and Sándor’s story.

 It’s not like I hadn’t thought of this guy contemplation while growing up.

 It’s not like I was comparing those two things.

 But I hit him.

 I accelerated and bashed him, accelerated and bashed him, accelerated and bashed him, and continued to bash him……

 And then crash landed at the bottom of the valley at high speed.

 Both me and Alek.

 Part 2

 I raised my body from within the cloud of dust.

 Due to the drop just now, some kind of blue spores were scattered around the surroundings.

 Visibility was bad.

 For now, my body was unscathed.

 As expected of the Magic Armor 『 MK I.』, I’m grateful.

 It had developed some cracks, but it still moved perfectly.

 “Phew……”

 And Alek was alright too.

 But he wasn’t completely unscathed.

 His armor was broken and one of his legs was bent in a strange direction.

 But that was it.

 He may have defended himself with touki at the last second.

 He stood on one leg and looked at me.

 He’s a monster for sure.

 “……Did you chase me all by yourself?”

 Alek looked at me and muttered a few words.

 "Some nerve you have……"

 I looked at the top.

 I could see earth dragons moving within the complete darkness.

 But no one was coming down here.

 I thought that Atofe and the others would quickly come falling down…

 While flying in the sky………

 “My Honored Grandmother is quite old. When I fell, you gave chase. Then, no one else will chase after.”

 “That’s absurd.”

 “No matter how old that person gets, she always yearns for a one-on-one fight between a hero and a demon lord.”

 I could understand that a little.

 Atofe is violent but I can feel that she’s obsessed with something strange.

 During my fight as well, none of the soldiers made a move.

 “And that’s my good luck.”

 “……What is?”

 “This injury. If the ones who came down were Eris Greyrat and Ruijerd Supardia…… or my Father or my Honored Grandmother, then it would have been the end for me.”

 “You’re saying that it won’t be your end if I’m here?”

 “I don’t intend to lose to someone like you.”

 Brimming with self-confidence, eh?

 Alek was heavily wounded.

 He had lost one leg and one arm.

 I was wearing the Magic Armor.

 It took a lot of my mana as I had been wearing it for a long time, but I was able to give support and there weren’t any major injuries.

 I was in perfect shape.

 “Aren’t you underestimating me a bit too much?”

 “It’s not like that. On top of your inability to wear touki, your reaction time is slow as well. You’re careless and full of openings.

 You didn’t even realize that we drugged North Emperor Doga with sleeping pills, and as a result, you went out alone only to fall into the valley.

 You don’t have enough resolve nor enough vigilance. You’re just an inexperienced blockhead.”

 I didn’t even have anything to retaliate.

 I certainly am like that.

 Even though I have an overwhelming amount of mana, I’m just an incompetent person.

 We would’ve been in trouble if Atofe hadn’t come this time.

 “That’s why I’ll fight here and win, and then flee. If I flee from here, then victory shall be mine.”

 “Even if I die, there’s still my comrades you know? The Ogre God ran away and the Sword God is dead…… Even without me, you should have no chance of winning.”

 I couldn’t confirm whether the Sword God was really dead or not, but……

 Well, it’s fine right! It was Eris after all.

 “No, a hero can win. That’s how my style is. Even just now, you couldn’t kill me during our fall. Since I was in a defenseless position, I had no choice but to continue to receive your attacks.”

 An attitude as if to say - that is my answer.

 Full of confidence.

 But he was definitely standing on the ground with his own leg.

 “I shall win.

 Against you, against my Father, against my Honored Grandmother, and against Orsted.

 I’ll defeat everyone and engrave my name as a World Power.

 As the world’s strongest warrior.

 I, Aleksander Ryback the Third, will be known as the world’s strongest North God Kalman.”

 He had wounds all over his body, but he wasn't in a position where he was helplessly receiving attacks.

 His chances of winning weren’t nil right now.

 It was a situation where he could look for a chance to win.

 He didn’t know what percent chance he had, but he thought that he had that chance.

 He was thinking of defeating me in this crucial match.

 Was is it because he wanted to become a hero?

 No, that was wrong.

 It was because he had overcome so many difficulties on his own.

 He knew that he was being cornered right now.

 He was underestimating me a bit, but he wasn’t going to fight shoddily like he had been doing until now.

 He intended to crush me with all his might and then flee from this place.

 My opponent was North God Kalman III.

 The person who knew the world’s highest class of swordplay, holding the highest class of demon swords, and one of the Seven Great World Powers.

 He wasn’t a cornered rat, but a wounded beast.

 I, who was facing him, didn’t really have much hope of winning this crucial match.

 Whether my prior preparations overwhelmed him or I’d lose because of the difference in our strengths, there wasn’t any other choice.

 He had also sensed it.

 He had realized that during times when you had to unexpectedly surpass difficulties, I was the type that wouldn’t bring anything to the table.

 Or it was possible that he heard that from Gisu or Hitogami……

 “………Let me ask this one final question. Are you an apostle of Hitogami?”

 “No. I and the Sword God received information only from Gisu. But I won’t deny the fact that I was aiding Hitogami.”

 “I see.”

 Then just who was the last apostle?

 No, let’s put that thought aside for now.

 I must defeat this guy first.

 Ngh?

 Wait, shouldn’t I just retreat if it was no good?

 We had the war potential.

 I didn’t need to try so hard here.

 If there’s still one apostle left, then shouldn’t I fall back for now?

 Sword God was defeated and we didn’t have any casualties on our sides.

 Then, should I fall back now and make absolutely sure of our chances of winning?

 “………No.”

 Wrong.

 That’s not it.

 Orsted was behind me.

 Not letting anyone through to him is the winning condition.

 Even if one or two people were to pass through his nose, then it wouldn’t be that big of a problem.

 The only thing that was important was not spending Orsted’s precious mana.

 However, it will probably recover somewhat in the 80 years to come.

 I was getting relaxed only because I was thinking that.

 Before the start of our battle, I had gotten completely relaxed.

 We defeated Sword God and Ogre God fled.

 North God was in front of me with wounds all over his body and looked like he would fall at any moment.

 On top of that, even if I were to let him get away, my comrades were still in good health.

 Even if he broke through my comrades, there was room left for Orsted.

 If it was North God Kalman III, then Orsted was probably familiar with him. He could fight him while still being able to protect the Supard village.

 I had gotten relaxed within those state of affairs.

 I ended up thinking that there was still some room left even if I was defeated.

 This was it.

 This was the Winning Factor Alek was talking about.

 And if I think back upon it, it always felt like this.

 I could obtain a safety margin by stepping back for now, but then taking a step would become unattainable when it really counted.

 Alek had sniffed that out.

 Wave, force, luck, and flow. These things exist.

 Many refuse to believe in such an abstract argument, but……there are times when these things exist.

 If I fell back here or I were defeated, Alek would obtain something.

 As a result, I would lose something in return.

 That was something I couldn’t explain, something that was beyond my expectations.

 “………”

 That’s why I couldn’t lose.

 Right now, I couldn’t fall back nor could I lose.

 A scene where I must take the risk and just go for it.

 It was this.

 This was the crossroad.

 This was where I will muster all of my strength and make a serious effort.

 "………I am Dragon God's subordinate, Rudeus Greyrat of the『Quagmire』.”

 “! My name is Aleksander Kalman Ryback, the『North God』!"

 I resolved myself.

 "AAAAAAHHHhhhhhhhhhhh!"

 I shouted.

 I shouted from the bottom of my belly.

 "OOOAAaaaaaaa!"

 Alek too, shouted and prepared his sword.

 His sword in his right hand.

 He could only use that since he didn't have his left one.

 His right foot was in front.

 The broken left leg stepped firmly on the ground.

 He ran towards me.

 He didn't have any strategy.

 I had the intuition that a long-ranged attack would be futile.

 I ran towards Alek while keeping a low profile.

 Just before we clashed.

 Someone's figure floated in my mind.

 It was Eris.

 I quickly raised the gatling-gun on my right-arm and fired stone cannons with all my might.

 "!"

 But the stone cannons were annihilated.

 Right before Alek’s eyes, they turned to dust due to the power of the Magic Absorbing Stone.

 Alek took one step forward as he saw me rushing at him.

 As he saw the stone cannons pouring down on him like rain, he lowered his right foot in hesitation only for an instant.

 But those stone cannons were getting annihilated one by one.

 I quickly leaned towards the left side of my body.

 I knew that I was within range of the sword prepared by Alek, but I still plunged in.

 While plunging in, I fired from the hip with my right hand.

 While bending forward as if rubbing my chest against the ground, I thrusted my right foot into Alek’s left side.

 “RYA……AAAAaaaaaa!”

 Alek’s shoulder moved.

 A silver flash took flight.

 I took a hit on my right shoulder and a part of the Magic Armor went flying.

 But my hand wasn’t cut.

 Without checking the extent of my wounds, I firmly stepped on the ground and with my right fist───

 < Alek fills his legs with power >

 He’ll jump and then avoid it.

 When I thought that, I loaded mana in my left hand.

 I cut the mana supply to the Magic Absorbing Stone and then used a different magic, although I hadn’t decided what magic to use.

 I loaded my left hand with mana with the intention to not let him fly and then pointed it towards him when───

 “Ngh!?”

 Alek’s foot floated for an instant.

 “AAAHHHhhhhh!”

 While shouting, I raised my right fist (gauntlet).

 I ejected my fist with all my might which was attached with the gatling-gun.

 BAM, the fist hit him.

 It flung Alek to the wall.

 “『Shoot out』 Hng!”

 I loaded the gatling with mana with all my power.

 The stone cannons hammered the cliff, creating cracks.

 But I didn’t just stop at that. I loaded it with even more mana.

 Stronger bullets! Faster firing rate!

 The moment I thought that, my right-hand felt strange.

 The gatling-gun cracked momentarily, then broke into little pieces.

 “AAAAAAAAAHHHHhhhhhh!!!”

 Even so, I loaded my right-hand with more mana.

 Producing a stone cannon.

 The thing I’ve produced the most; the thing I was most accustomed to.

 I fired it.

 I fired and fired and fired.

 “AAHH, aahh, hhaaa……”

 I fired until my shout died out and was replaced by a sigh due to my heavy-breathing.

 I kept shooting.

 “Haa……Haa……”

 And then I quit.

 The right-hand of the Magic Armor that was completely buried inside the wall had completely broken apart from its base.

 Its base……was it because it took that blow from Alek?

 If it weren’t for the Atofe-hand, then it was possible that my right arm would’ve been cut off.

 “………”

 I could see a human-body inside the wall.

 Red-blood could be seen flowing out from the gap between the wall and the fist that was hammered into it.

 It wasn’t even twitching.

 When I casually looked closer, the sword had fallen.

 The sword held by Alek just a few moments ago.

 『Dragon King Sword』 Kajakuto.

 I picked it up with my left hand.

 A two meter longsword.

 I took it and then looked at the wall a second time.

 “…………”

 Blood was flowing out.

 Red blood was flowing from the gap between the wall and the fist that was hammered into it.

 Nothing was moving.

 Only blood was flowing silently.

 It was understandable that the flocks of earth dragons were squirming around when I looked at the top, but only this region had a bizarrely quiet feeling.

 Only my hand was left with feedback.

 The feedback that I certainly killed a person.

 “Hooray.”

 Unaware, a word leaked out from my mouth.

 How did I win?

 I thought the victory was only paper-thin.

 If I had been slower for even a moment or if Alek had not hesitated……

 Alek’s attack would’ve cut me just like the Magic Armor.

 Moving like Eris played out well.

 I attacked with the gun but in an irregular way, with a strange and out of sync timing.

 Taking one or half a step more than usual and stepping strongly, I was able to successfully snatch away his chances.

 This was Eris’s offensive style.

 Eris could fight in such a risky way without being conscious of it.

 It was only because I was able to fight like Eris this time that I won.

 I was the last man standing with blood dripping from my neck.

 Although my movements couldn’t be compared to Eris’s.

 The distinction of whether or not I could do it wasn’t attached.

 I shouldn’t have been able to move within that area.

 If it weren’t for Alek’s injured leg and arm or if he hadn’t underestimated me, then I wouldn’t have won.

 And then, that thing I felt when his foot floated.

 It felt as if it wasn’t a type of magic that I had used until now.

 Could it possibly be gravity manipulation magic……?

 No, Alek was trying to do something with gravity manipulation using that Dragon King Sword and I may have interrupted him using the Magic Absorbing Stone by activating it unexpectedly.

 The final factor may have been luck.

 But I don’t think that this victory was only based on luck.

 “I won.”

 I suddenly made a fist and raised it upwards.

 Part 3

 After I climbed out of the valley while I scattered the earth dragons with the MK. I, a lot of people were in front of my surroundings.

 They were the soldiers of the subjugation force.

 After losing the bridge and losing the three god ranks, they appeared to be standing there not knowing what to do.

 They fled in every direction after seeing me.

 They might’ve thought of me as some kind of demon or something.

 For the time being, I caught the current commander──a knight of the Biheiril Kingdom that looked like he was in charge, and several other people, and conveyed to them that the North God and Sword God were dead.

 I also conveyed that if they were still intending on subjugating the Supard race, then our side was willing to counterattack.

 But at the same time, I also conveyed that there was still time left for peace talks.

 The contents of the peace talks will remain the same as before.

 I was angry that they attacked us, but if it was true that Gisu was the King, then that was Hitogami’s doing.

 I don’t have any intentions of changing my tolerant attitude.

 But just to make sure, we caught two people and made them prisoners of war.

 It was possible that Gisu was disguised as the king. Then there wouldn’t be much meaning to it.

 But it could be that not every soldier was wrapped around Gisu’s fingers, nor that the domestic authorities were under his palm.

 After they hear about the current matters and if the soldiers were brought back safely, then depending on public opinion, they should become our allies.

 If it was still hopeless, then there would be no choice but migration……well, I guess I could still stall for time.

 As I was on the way back while pondering, I suddenly came across the stone monument.

 The stone monument of the Seven Great World Powers.

 At the bottom of it.

 The mark at the very bottom had changed into a very familiar mark.

 “………”

 A mark with the shape of three spears combined together.

 The shape of the amulet of the Migurd race.

 I may have become one of the Seven Great World Powers.

 I was the one who dealt the finishing blow, but he did fight 4 people at the beginning……it just didn’t feel right.

 Maybe it wasn’t for me…maybe it’s the mark for Ruijerd and the rest?

 Eris……not really, I guess.

 “………”

 It honestly didn’t feel that good.

 But now that I’ve become one, it can’t be helped.

 I decided to return back to the place where Eris and the rest were.

 Part 4

 After that, I crossed the valley and met up with Eris and the others.

 “So, what happened?”

 The one who came first was Sándor.

 When I told him that I delivered the final blow to Alek at the bottom of valley, he made a sad face and wore a wry smile while saying - I see.

 “You’re the hero. The despicable demon lord is defeated by the hero. That’s how it has been since the ancient times.”

 Atofe’s expression didn’t really change that much.

 But she’s probably a little sad at least. She did say sentimental words that weren’t like her.

 “………”

 Alek was dead.

 I think that he was still a child.

 He had talent and only aimed to reach the top………

 He had a future as well.

 There were a lot of things between Sándor’s and Alek’s conversation.

 I had hoped for Alek to have more time to think things through, disciplining him for the time being and having him reflect on his actions afterwards……those were some overly optimistic thoughts I guess.

 There was no killing intent or hatred involved.

 I only killed him because he was an enemy.

 I thought that if I let him escape, I would come to regret it later. I had to do it then and there, so I killed him.

 That was why I didn’t feel like apologizing.

 It was just a flutter.

 The other side was willing to kill me too.

 That was all there was to it.

 “You did it!”

 On the contrary, Eris was wearing a delightful face.

 When I told them that the mark on the monument had changed, she folded her arms, as the sides of her mouth raised to a complacent smile, her nasal breathing got rough.

 If I wasn’t wearing the Magic Armor, I would’ve hugged her.

 Such a disappointment that I couldn’t.

 “………”

 Ruijerd didn’t really say anything, but his face had become a deep blue.

 I had thought about that in the middle of the battle, but I guess he did reach his limit after all.

 Fighting with a recovering body would definitely be hard.

 But no one had severe injuries and we were able to gain victory with everyone in good health.

 But what should be done now?

 While thinking that, we headed towards the Supard village.

 The place which had become burnt black in order to burn Sword God’s corpse, the crater created by North God’s attack, and then, the many trees that were mowed down during the battle with Ogre God, and animal trails.

 As we gazed at those sights and walked further, we saw the collapsed Zanoba.

 Doga was crouching down on his side with a completely exhausted face.

 Zanoba seemed to be asleep.

 With his face upwards with a deep blue color to it.

 Like a corpse?

 “……Zanoba. Wake up. It’s over.”

 I called out to him from above inside the Magic Armor.

 But there was no response.

 “Zanoba……?”

 After several seconds, sounds from the forest vanished.

 The wind stopped and the remaining sounds vanished as well.

 “Huh? Zanoba? No way…?”

 “………”

 “Answer me……”

 Zanoba didn’t answer.

 Only his face was facing towards the sky. He was silent like a corpse.

 Just like a……corpse.

 “………Hmph!”

 Eris suddenly kicked Zanoba’s head.

 “Whaaaat the!?”

 “We’re going back! Wake up already!”

 “………? OH! I apologize! It seems I had fallen asleep before I realized it.”

 Yeah right.

 But it wouldn’t have been strange if he had died.

 Zanoba and Doga were in a disadvantageous position.

 If we hadn’t encountered each other by chance, then it wouldn’t have been strange if he had become a wordless corpse.

 While I pondered, I saw the blown up path that Zanoba and Doga came from.

 Traces of a fight could be seen all over the path.

 The uprooted trees, minced trees, and a small crater. The consequences of the attack.

 It’s good that they won.

 No, they weren’t superior to the Ogre God.

 He just went back.

 “Come to think of it, why were you here, Atofe-sama?”

 “Nmh? Do you really want to know?”

 “Please let me know.”

 Atofe’s explanation was shoddy and incomprehensible.

 There were a lot of sound effects and half of it completely went over my head.

 “In short, you used the teleport formation left from the days of the past great war.”

 “I found it and had it ready for when the time came!”

 That’s bad.

 If it was known that the infamous Atofe had used the teleport formation and was visiting several places using it, my reputation would probably go down the drain.

 Well, maybe not. Not this late in the game.

 All things considered, was this the……end?

 It was certain that we obtained victory, but it ended in the blink of an eye.

 It was unknown what happened to the Ogre God, but there were only a few enemies left.

 “………”

 When I thought it was over, I was suddenly hit by a sweet fragrance wafting from Eris who was walking beside me.

 Was it because of the difficult battle?

 My survival instinct was stimulated, activating my reproduction instinct.

 How about tonight?

 Was it not time for the lifting of the ban on Rudeus?

 “No! No!”

 The abstinent Rudeus remains until the defeat of Gisu.

 We hadn’t even confirmed Gisu’s appearance yet.

 The Ogre God ran away. We don’t know what’ll become of that.

 There was still one apostle left as well.

 It’s not over yet.

 But Gisu had yet to make his appearance.

 Our intelligence network was already in a mess. We couldn’t even search for him.

 We don’t know if he ran away.

 ……Perhaps it was his main goal all along.

 This was the decisive battle and we’ll be settling things here. It could be that I was the only one who thought these things and Gisu intended to run instead.

 Right now, he may be taking the last apostle with him and be about to reach the national border……or is he?

 During this battle, the information that was scattered about various places ended up gathering in the Supard village.

 We didn’t have the teleport formation nor the communication lithograph.

 Even if Gisu was spotted at the national border, we didn’t have any means of catching up to him.

 He’ll probably run away.

 With the Dark King defeated, North God and Sword God going out of his control, then……

 Using 80% of his war potential as a diversion, only keeping the people that he can control with him, tricking us into following him, and then escaping during that time.

 Abandoning this time, so some other time instead…

 If I was him, I’d do this.

 “Phew……”

 But we couldn’t lower our guard right now.

 However, the fight here was over for now.

 I was tired.

 I couldn’t fight anymore today.

 Let’s entrust the others with the consequences.

 We weren’t able to bring Gisu down, but the North God, Sword God, and the Dark King have fallen.

 Ruijerd and the Supard village have become our allies.

 We didn’t know what Gisu did with the Biheiril Kingdom and Ogre God, but……maybe we’ll be negotiating next.

 The only real damage we took would be the destruction of the office……

 Thanks to that, all the teleport formations were destroyed.

 We couldn’t move for the time being, but I clapped my hands.

 It was not bad compared to the greater damage that I had predicted.

 We could see the Supard village.

 Maybe they sensed us coming, as the children of the Supard race were looking at us from within the fence.

 And then, the warriors protecting the Supard village came out.

 Furthermore, Elinalize, Cliff, Norn, Julie, and Ginger as well.

 I stripped out of the Magic Armor.

 My body had become light because I used up so much mana.

 Julie and Ginger rushed up to Zanoba.

 Norn went towards Ruijerd.

 Cliff headed towards the completely exhausted Doga.

 People who hugged each other, people who talked with relieved faces.

 Looking at that, I was finally hit with an actual feeling.

 “…………”

 Orsted came out last.

 Orsted started coming towards me.

 “Did you win?”

 “Yes.”

 As a proof of victory, I handed him the large sword.

 The large sword which could be said was the North God’s symbol, 『Dragon King Sword』 Kajakuto.

 “We won.”

 We had won.

 A complete victory was still far-off, but we were able to overcome the difficulties.

 We crushed the trap laid by Gisu and took the lead all at once.

 There were a lot of things going on in my mind.

 Things to reconsider were innumerable.

 But a victory is a victory.

 “Good work.”

 Receiving words of gratitude from Orsted who took the sword, I bowed.

 I suddenly felt someone at my side.

 It was Eris.

 With her arms folded, she was looking at me.

 She spread her arms.

 “………!”

 And jumped at me.

 While enjoying the sensation of those breasts, I had the same thought again.

 We were victorious.

 Author’s Q&A

 Q. Isn’t the title of 253 fraud?

 A. I guess so. I’ll change it a bit.

 Q. I do think he could’ve at least fight the Ogre God with the MK. I.

 A. Of course he can!

 But if he fought the Ogre God then he won't be able to support those who were fighting the third, making the front collapse!

 Q. The Dragon King Sword, Kajakuto. Is it famous?

 A. It’s always discussed whether it’s one of Yulian’s Cursed swords but it’s definitely famous as North God’s favourite sword.

 Q. Can Rudi win against a perfectly healthy North god III?

 While defending against gravity manipulation and using Gatling with the remaining hand, would he lose?

 A. Probably impossible.

 While defending against gravity manipulation and gatling with the remaining hand, he couldn’t use the Magic Absorbing stone on top of that.

 Q. Rudi finally did it.

 Mister, we’ve know Rudy since he was a little child.

 That Rudi has become such a responsible adult now.

 I am happy.

 A. In truth, he was a lecherous child……

 Q. If Rudi has now become one of the Seven Great World Powers then what would be his title like the Sword God and North God? Would it be Quagmire after all? Or a God would be forcefully added in front of the mud making him Mud God?

 A. FYI, the mark on the monument resembles Roxy’s pendant.

 Q. The mark of the person who becomes one of the SGWP would become the mark which that person believes in?

 A. It certainly seems like that.

 Q. In the end, just what will he be known as a world power?

 A. As the right hand of the Dragon God, it’s likely he would be called Dragon King or Dragon Emperor. Even if he doesn’t name himself, the public will acknowledge him so.

 Q. In the end, was the right hand still attached or not?

 A. Magic Armor’s right hand was torn apart.

 Q. The killing technique used by Alek where he stops his enemy’s movements and hit them with the that one blow with all his might. That felt a lot like the earth-shattering Super Robot scene from the Showa era, would it be fine to imagine it as such?

 A. Delta End!

 Q. Atofe: "I got a shivering feeling from my fission, so I popped into the magic circle and poofed here, then with a fwoosh, I flapped my wings and flew towards the banging, and then I landed with a plop, and then jumped in here with a bang! You should be grateful!"

 A. About that kind of feeling.

 Q. The Magic Absorption Stone uses about the same amount of magic as the spell it extinguished right?

 And then the magic expended by the gatling gun wouldn't be anything small…

 A.Yup, It's not small.

 Q. Eehh…!? The crest should be the object of worship…!

 A Rudy lacking faith should not be allowed to lift the ban.

 A. It's because it's the mark he got from Roxy… (*trembling voice*)

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
