Volume 23  17 — Ogre Gods Bargain

Volume 23 Chapter 17: Ogre God's Bargain

 

 Part 1

 3 days had passed after the battle.

 The injured were cured and peace arrived at the Supard village.

 During these 3 days, while being wary of yet more enemies, we relaxed.

 It was not as if we didn’t do anything, but it was just that nothing happened.

 We were truly in peace as time passed idly.

 Zanoba had grown considerably tired and passed most of the days sleeping.

 We were worried that it might be a serious illness, but the doctor said that it was merely chronic fatigue caused by muscular pain.

 It was the first time that he had muscular pain in his life so he said - My entire body feels like it’ll come crumbling down……Julie, this body of mine is going to die soon, I have taught you everything there is to know. Even in my absence, be diligent - and then wrote his last will.

 Julie cried again but nodded with such a determined look in her eyes it was amusing to watch.

 On reflex, I rushed over to him and held his hands - We’ll definitely see the automaton to its completion. I swear to my respectful God. Leave it to me. Let the power of God be converted into a bountiful crop, and be bestowed unto those who have lost the strength to stand once more,『HEALING』- while saying those things, I ended up healing him.

 After that, Zanoba rose with an amazed face and started repairs on the MK. I.

 Julie just kept looking blankly.

 Atofe too, remained relatively docile within the village.

 I noticed that she made the guys in the village build a throne with timber and was teaching warriors the basics of battle, but it wasn’t a serious matter yet.

 Eris was participating at least.

 Looking at that Atofe, Sándor became a little embarrassed, but at times a shadow was cast on his face.

 He was thinking about Alek after all.

 Even when I asked if he wanted the Dragon King Sword back, he said that those were spoils of war and wanted me to use it however I wanted.

 After listening to such words, even I will lose the motivation to use it.

 I have no right to say that since I rely on the Magic Armor, but if I use it too much, I’ll become a no good person.

 So I let Orsted keep that for now and I’ll just use it when it really counts.

 Ruijerd passed most of the time with Norn.

 Although it felt more like Norn was following him around like a young bird.

 Norn being taught all kinds of things by Ruijerd looked much like how Eris and I did before.

 Norn was diligent as well.

 ……Being diligent is……fine, right?

 Doga had gotten popular with the woman and children.

 Although he was afraid when he first arrived at this village, he had devotedly helped out a lot during the plague, so it felt like he had crossed over a hurdle. They had accepted each other.

 These days, he was carving wooden dolls with an honest face and was enjoying himself with the children.

 The ball was lost because Orsted sent it flying somewhere, and so he was somewhat lonely.

 The team of doctors had said that the health of the Supards was progressing favorably, and so they shifted to the researching the plague.

 They were investigating the plague while examining the food of the village……or it would be better to say that they were collecting samples.

 They were bringing it all back to the Asura Kingdom and recording notes in documents for future use.

 Cliff, Elinalize, and Ginger headed towards Second City Irel.

 Once again, we sent a demand towards the Biheiril Kingdom with the prisoners at our disposal.

 There was a need for a person who would receive the answer.

 They took 2 Supard warriors with their shaved heads as escorts, but if Gisu’s plan was still in action, there was also the danger of each of them getting crushed. I was worried.

 This basically meant that I prepared a meeting to review the battle.

 Even this time, there were a lot of things to reconsider.

 Particularly, the part where I fell into the valley was dangerous.

 Why was it that Gisu didn’t approach us using the Magic Tool?

 We must combine those parts with the next situation by boiling it down to its core.

 The things that have been done can’t be helped, but at the very least, we won’t be biting our own tails.

 Additionally, Atofe-hand was returned back to Atofe and my right-hand was restored using a healing magic scroll.

 I reflexively started rubbing Eris’s breast with that hand, which resulted in a one hit KO to my jaw, rendering me useless for half a day.

 And then that magic.

 The magic that I used during my confrontation with Alek.

 I tried using that magic several times while taking that same feeling into account, but it never worked.

 That was possibly gravity manipulation, but I needed some kind of impetus again.

 I’ve already engraved the potential of using gravity manipulation.

 We must also think about various things regarding the teleport formations.

 If we were to set it up in various places like this time, then even the enemy could easily use them.

 We must think about a counter-plan for that scenario as well.

 Nevertheless, the teleport formations were still not fixed even after 3 days had passed.

 We summoned Arumanfi on the second day and inquired about our family, but………it was taking a lot longer than expected.

 Maybe some kind of problem was taking place irrelevant to Hitogami.

 I was worried.

 Although there wasn’t any meaning in worrying too much.

 I must do what I can.

 Part 2

 The fourth day.

 The people who left for Second City Irel as messengers had come back.

 They came as soon as possible after receiving a reply from Biheiril Kingdom.

 A lot of things were written in one sheet of letter.

 “The King of Biheiril wants to meet you. He says that if something is done regarding the war potential of Ogre Island, then he’ll think about the circumstances of the Supard race.”

 Thus, that was the summary of the reply.

 It looks like the continued existence of the Supard village will be allowed for now.

 They came back rather quickly. The letter may have been drawn in a hurry because it had wrinkles in it, but the signature was the real deal.

 The war potential of Ogre Island meant Moore and the others who were left there by Atofe.

 On Atofe’s orders, they took the people of Ogre Island as hostages and barricaded themselves in.

 For now, it didn’t look like the Ogre God was going to forcibly fight them……

 Well, it just meant that we’ll be talking about negotiations from here on out.

 “………Alright.”

 With the exception of the Supard race’s matter, there weren’t any difficult requests.

 At the very least, they must hear about the matters regarding Gisu.

 “If that’s how it is, then let’s go.”

 I’ll take some people from the Supard race along.

 Our primary aim will be the negotiations, but if the Supards were going to be living inside Biheiril Kingdom, then there was a need to show their faces for them to be accepted.

 If they didn’t, then there was the possibility that something like this would happen again.

 But it’s also possible that a resistance group may surface after seeing the Supards.

 I guess there was a need to perform an act where the head of the Supard race and the Ogre race shake hands……

 While pondering over such things, I selected my members.

 Battle ready Eris, Sándor, Atofe, and Ruijerd.

 Cliff of the Milis Church for the role of negotiations, and Cliff’s attendant, Elinalize.

 Along with 2 warriors from the Supard race, we decided to head towards the Capital.

 The rest will be staying here to defend against any attack towards the Supard village.

 I wasn’t taking along only my members, but prisoners of war as well.

 Sadly, there wasn’t a request for the return of prisoners.

 But we were sincere.

 Be that as it may, the negotiations may break down, so one of them will be staying with us as a card.

 While thinking that, I moved towards the hut where those prisoners were staying.

 Inside the hut, the two of them were just sitting absentmindedly without any conversation.

 When they saw me entering, they looked at me suspiciously.

 “So how about it, this Supard village?”

 “……”

 “It’s quite a nice place, don’t you think? There are a lot of beauties and the children are energetic. The food is a little wild, but its taste shouldn’t be that bad.

 The warriors over here are a little blunt, but you should know by now that they aren’t offensive towards the Human race.”

 It had only been a few days for the prisoners, but they were living quite a free life.

 Of course, we kept them under our watch, confiscated their weapons, and to make sure that they weren’t disguised, we stripped them naked as well, but we fully attended to their needs with a hospitable mind.

 Many Supards made sure to welcome them as guests and they also were quite gentle towards the prisoners.

 There wasn’t any need to restrain them.

 They were free to roam around the village and they could also go outside of the village with one Supard escort after getting permission.

 There was no concern of them fleeing.

 This was because they themselves were afraid of the Invisible Wolf.

 During the 2 days, when the Supards started hunting the wolves, they were able to confirm what kind of beast the Invisible Wolf was.

 It is the kind of food that is eaten around this area.

 They were still a little bit afraid of the plague, but there wasn’t anything else to eat, so it couldn’t be helped.

 We did let them drink the Sokasu tea for the time being.

 “……Well, we understand that the rumors were twisted a bit more than we thought.”

 The soldiers were in despair when they were first brought in, but now they seemed lax.

 I thought that they had yet to see the Supard race’s good characteristics.

 But their overall impression had definitely gotten a little better.

 The other one was already enjoying himself quite a bit.

 However, I was afraid that the moment I got out of here, the other one would remove his mask and say -

 Haha, I was actually a mole for Hitogami……!

 Well, I selected them randomly and they also went through strict examination before entering the village.

 Even Orsted and Cliff properly assessed them. Some were left behind as well……so it was probably alright.

 “We’ll be going to the country for negotiations, so one of you will be coming with us. I would like to leave you with one of the high officials. Would that be alright?”

 “I understand.”

 One of the soldiers nodded and the other stood up.

 He’s an honest person.

 I would hate it if I was cutting down some kind of personal bond between these two……

 Well, the country had finally accepted our conditions for once.

 So it’ll just be a meeting where we talk things out.

 While pondering over such things, we departed from the Supard village.

 Part 3

 4 more days passed after that.

 The negotiations with the King went smoothly.

 The King of Biheiril was scared.

 His attitude was King-like, but he did pay undue attention to my speech and conduct. He was also afraid of Eris, Ruijerd, and Atofe being there.

 I was only threatened by Sword God and North God.

 Saying such haughty words and in such a roundabout way too, but he did give us an explanation.

 He admitted that a monkey-faced person was taking shelter inside the castle and that the only time he left the castle was when I visited.

 Just in case, we asked them to remove all of their rings and I used the Magic Absorbing Stone as well, but it looked like Gisu wasn’t changing places with anyone anytime soon.

 However, I guess Gisu was the King that time after all.

 He successfully deceived me.

 A terrific acting ability as one would expect from him, though it was likely his vocal mimicry.

 Anyway, we turned in the names of the prisoners while assuring negotiations. They said that if something was done quickly about the military forces of Ogre Island, then they were willing to acknowledge the Supard race.

 They weren’t forcing us to pay reparations, asking for territory, or difficult problems like that.

 The people living in this country were simply acknowledging the people who saved this country.

 On top of that, the one who proposed the early departure of the subjugation force was Gisu.

 As a King, he couldn’t help but sigh and get drunk.

 If they were to refuse our demand here, they would be cutting their ties with the Ogre race as well.

 It would become a scene where the Biheiril Kingdom forsook the prisoners of the Ogre race.

 This country has strong ties with the Ogre race. If those ties were to be cut, it could effectively mean the end of this country.

 Part 4

 That was how it went, so we were now heading towards Third City Heilelul.

 A volcanic island could vaguely be seen in the far distance from the port city.

 I would be standing-by here while Atofe and Sándor went to Ogre Island to negotiate with the Ogre God.

 I asked Atofe and Sándor to proceed to Ogre Island as messengers.

 I wanted to go to Ogre Island too, but the MK. I couldn’t board a ship, making it a bottleneck for me.

 There weren’t any ships that could withstand MK. I’s weight.

 We didn’t know what the Ogre God was up to, so it would be preferable if I wasn’t separated from MK. I. That was the conclusion that we came to.

 If negotiations with the Ogre God went down without a hitch, the prisoners of Ogre Island would be released, which would end that matter with the Biheiril Kingdom.

 As a result, the Supard race will be able to live at the entrance of the forest and not near the valley.

 We still couldn’t be sure about what started the plague, but at least they will be away from whatever caused it.

 It will take some time and labor for the migration, but my job was almost over.

 The last thing we must take into consideration is the possibility of fighting the Ogre God………

 Sword God and North God were no longer around.

 So we should win.

 Even if Gisu still had some war potential in reserve, if it became a little difficult, we would just have to retreat to the forest once and come back prepared.

 “………”

 While pondering on such things, I climbed the lighthouse to see the ocean with Ruijerd and Eris as my guards.

 It was nostalgic to see an ocean.

 The ocean was big and spacious.

 It was stretching out underneath a clear sky.

 The island that could be seen beyond the horizon was Ogre Island.

 I thought that the island itself would have a Ogre face like shape, but it was a normal island.

 It was a volcanic island so-to-speak, and smoke was rising out of the mountain.

 Now that I saw it, it had an atmosphere of magnificence or strangeness, but not of evil.

 To say it clearly, it was simple.

 Since the Ogres were living on it, it’s called Ogre Island.

 Of course, we didn’t climb the lighthouse only to gaze at the sea.

 The reason was to look at one point of the ocean.

 There was a boat approaching Ogre Island.

 The boat in which Sándor and Atofe had boarded.

 While standing on top of this lighthouse, I was going to keep watch over their negotiations with the clairvoyance eye.

 If the negotiations failed and the Ogre God went berserk, or if Gisu shows up unexpectedly, I was to contrive a large-scale attack from this spot.

 It was a plan which would involve the innocent Ogres and send the negotiations with the Biheiril Kingdom down the drain.

 But if Gisu really was there, then I would definitely fire.

 “……Hey Rudeus, are you looking properly?”

 “I’m looking. Need an explanation?”

 “Don’t need it.”

 With a wry smile on her face, Eris continued scouting.

 I could only look at one part of the island with the clairvoyance eye.

 That one spot was easy to see and I could see various people gathering over there.

 It was the beach.

 We had decided that that would be the place for negotiations.

 An ogre with a remarkably huge body could be seen there. That was Ogre God Malta.

 He was surrounded by ogres that were deemed to be soldiers.

 It looks like they fought several times over as the soldiers were all covered up with bandages.

 On the soldiers’ opposite side, ominous soldiers wearing black armor faced them.

 They were Atofe’s Imperial Guards. Moore was also there.

 They may be a little injured, but I couldn’t see any damage on them.

 So they were a lot stronger than the soldiers of the Ogre race after all.

 Still, we wouldn’t know what would happen if the Ogre God were to fight, but we’ve taken the entire village hostage.

 He probably wouldn’t fight.

 Furthermore, I could see around 5 women and children of the Ogre race behind the Imperial Guards, most probably taken as hostages.

 However, it was war, so there might be deaths as well.

 This may be one of those disputes.

 While thinking about that, my heart started pounding, but after Atofe’s and Sándor’s arrival, half of the hostages were easily released. Then, Sándor and the Ogre God talked about something, after which they disbanded.

 It was unknown what they were talking about, but the Ogre God relaxed.

 I was held back by the clairvoyance eye’s inability to hear voices.

 Part 5

 “Rudeus!”

 The next day.

 I, who was sleeping in an inn in Third City Heilelul, was woken up by Eris’s shout.

 “……What is it, honey? Let me sleep a bit more.”

 While thinking that, when I reached for her breasts, but my hand was brushed away.

 That was hurtful to your man. It’s violence.

 But am I not allowed to?

 Because I copped a feel despite my abstinence.

 “He’s here!”

 “What?”

 “That guy!”

 After shouting, she ran out of the room.

 I would like her to stop talking with feelings alone.

 It’s difficult for an intellectual person like me to understand such vague words.

 “That guy……?”

 While still trying to understand what just happened, I raised my body up.

 After rubbing my sleepy eyes, I looked out of the window.

 I saw a group of reddish-brown haired people standing in front of the inn.

 “──THAT GUY!”

 I quickly rushed out of the room and ran towards the first floor.

 “………”

 Ogre God was sitting cross-legged in front of the inn.

 In his surroundings were youngsters of the Ogre race wearing pitiful faces.

 As if to face Ruijerd and Eris, they were standing ready with weapons and arms.

 When I stepped forward, the crowd of people opened up a path for me.

 I stepped in front of the Ogre God.

 And then Sándor whispered something into my ears.

 “It seems Ogre God wants to strike a deal. I brought him along in order to lessen the likelihood of traps.”

 “……I understand.”

 If he didn’t intend to fight anymore, then I wouldn’t say no either.

 I didn’t know what Sándor was predicting, but it didn’t seem like this was Gisu’s strategy. Judging from appearances, Atofe, Eris, and Ruijerd didn’t seem to be cautious.

 These people had understood something, something which had relaxed them.

 “………”

 When the Ogre God glared at me, he asked me as if searching for something.

 “……Are ya leader?”

 “Yes. Rudeus Greyrat. The person in charge.”

 “I Malta.”

 When I bowed, Malta bowed too even while sitting.

 “Need ta talk.”

 “……I wanted to talk with you regarding some things as well.”

 I followed the Ogre God’s example and sat cross-legged on the floor.

 The other side will be in the same posture, removing any discourteousness……or so I would like to think.

 When I did, some of the surrounding youngsters stood by my side and served sake cups between me and the Ogre God.

 It was sake cups.

 Those cups were quickly filled up with drinks.

 Common alcohol was served to me.

 But it was soy sauce for the Ogre God.

 Soy sauce and even miso, this area might be similar to Japanese culture.

 “Drink.”

 “Thank you for the drink.”

 The Ogre God drank it in one go and so did I.

 It would be bad if we got drunk, so it was only one shot.

 Drinking might be part of courtesy……

 But well, what should we talk about now?

 First would be Gisu.

 Or - are you an apostle?

 Ogre God-dono’s appearance didn’t look too good.

 I should convey it in a simple manner so that it’s easy to understand such a complicated issue.

 Gently, as if I was teaching Eris.

 “I heard.”

 As I hesitated for a bit, Ogre God opened his mouth.

 “Demon Lord attacked village. Stole food. Unforgivable. But people unable ta fight, all lived.”

 Ogre God said that and looked at the surrounding ogres.

 All lived……?

 Even if it was a small battle, you would expect some deaths, but……no, he meant that『non-combatants』didn’t die.

 Looks like even Atofe knew that distinction.

 Well, it was Moore’s strategy though.

 “Your house, destroyed it, your not fighters, let live. We same.”

 “……”

 “Ogres protect country. Country surrendered ta ya. I head of ogres. No reason in fight. Bargain.”

 He couldn’t forgive Atofe who attacked the village.

 But he destroyed my office as well.

 But didn’t attack the non-combatants.

 That’s why we’re in the same boat.

 The Ogre race has a duty to protect the Country, but that Country had already surrendered.

 As the head of the ogres, he concluded that there was no reason to fight, thus the need for bargaining.

 Something along those lines.

 “What about Gisu?”

 “Gisu said ya destroy Country. Thus I helped. But Gisu fled. Ya didn’t destroy Country. Anymore, Country and Ogre race perish.”

 Gisu said that I would destroy Biheiril Kingdom.

 But I didn’t.

 On the contrary, Gisu fled.

 If Ogre God acted any more than this, then both the Country and the Ogre Race would perish.

 “Gisu lied. No longer trust him.”

 But I won’t destroy the Country.

 It was Gisu’s lie.

 “I surrender. I die fine but please spare lives of my not fighters.”

 While saying that, Ogre God brought his huge body down in front of me.

 Close to prostrating himself.

 The surrounding youngsters wore a sad expression.

 They’re probably thinking that I’ll be killing the Ogre God here.

 Killing your enemies is a matter of course.

 And they were following that rule unwillingly.

 Concluding that their head will die and they will live on.

 Why was it so grim?

 I had that question but I guess it was only right.

 If the Country had surrendered, then it only meant that the ogres had lost their support.

 My side’s war potential was superior and if I thought about doing it, then we could easily subjugate Ogre Island……

 Of course, that was something pointless for me.

 Now then.

 Should I kill him or not?

 Ogre God said that he no longer trusted Gisu.

 He looked like a person who couldn’t tell a lie. It was fine to believe him.

 The Ogre God’s speech was poor, but he was in no way an idiot.

 According to my interpretation of him, he was the logical type.

 His IQ might be higher than the Immortal Demon race.

 Then, even unexpectedly, it was possible that he could lie.

 After pondering for a little while, I asked just one last thing.

 “Ogre God-dono, you’re not an apostle of Hitogami are you?”

 “Wrong. Gisu said Hitogami name, but I don’t know that. Even I knew, Island important.”

 The Ogre God’s eyes were strong, clear and honest.

 If he was lying right now, then I felt that I could no longer believe in anything.

 “I understand and accept your words.”

 When I said that, the surroundings were wrapped up in relief.

 It’s fine to let him live.

 That way he’ll become useful in the far future.

 “However, Ogre God-sama. I will have you fight Gisu. If you betray us and run away, then we’ll invade the island.”

 If we’re to take into consideration destroying Gisu’s traps, then this should be fine.

 The relationship between the Ogre God and the Ogre race is deep.

 Threatening someone isn’t too good, and it would be problematic if betrayal takes place at the last moment.

 “Rogar. I fight alone?”

 “No, you’ll be fighting with us.”

 “Then, what happen ta my not fighters when I die?”

 “Regarding the remaining survivors of the Ogre race, one of us will……take responsibility and safeguard their safety.”

 “Hm. That not lie.”

 The Ogre God nodded.

 And then the youngster from before poured soy sauce into the Ogre God’s cup and alcohol in mine.

 The Ogre God held it in his hand with dedication.

 And I imitated him again.

 “I swear me horn.”

 “………I swear by the Dragon God’s name.”

 When I returned a suitable answer, the Ogre God nodded in solemn countenance

 “Hm.”

 And then the cups were emptied.

 Thus, the battle with the Ogre God concluded.

 Part 6

 That night, a banquet was held at the beach near Heilelul.

 The alcohol of the Ogre race was taken out from the warehouse and all of the ogres entertained themselves with us.

 It seemed like the ogres had some kind of custom to exchange drinks when they had reconciled after a battle.

 Drinking alcohol to forgive and forget everything.

 That seemed to be the Ogre race’s style.

 The Ogre God made me drink a lot and after I couldn’t drink anymore, I let Atofe handle the rest. After that, a drinking competition started between Atofe and Ogre God during which I slipped out of there.

 After sobering myself up with Detoxification Magic, I walked around the banquet for a little while, and when I realized that a certain someone wasn’t there, I headed towards the beach.

 Sándor was drinking there alone.

 “Ah, hello.”

 “Can I sit beside you?”

 “Go ahead.”

 I sat beside him and breathed out a sigh.

 Just what was he thinking sitting in such a far away place?

 That was something even the dull me could understand.

 It was probably about Alek.

 He was urging Alek to surrender till the very last moment.

 Even if he’s a North God, even if his son held hostility against him, he would definitely not want to kill his son.

 Not to mention, I have no intention of apologizing.

 If I had retreated there, if I had let Alek escape, then it was possible that this banquet wouldn’t have existed.

 The North God might’ve joined up with Gisu, linking up with Ogre God, and then they could’ve come out with even more aggression.

 I actually thought that even Sándor thought that that judgement wasn’t wrong.

 Sándor didn’t say anything.

 He should’ve already realized it.

 “What happened to Alek was regrettable.”

 “Certainly.”

 However, the fact that it wasn't wrong and staying silent about it were two different things.

 “That child……had talent from when he was young.

 When he picked up a sword, he could wield it better than anyone else. Whenever he fought beasts, he could see through their weakness in an instant.

 There wasn’t anyone in his generation who could defeat him.”

 “………”

 “That’s why even I ended up having high expectations of him.

 I granted him the Dragon King Sword and he succeeded the name of the North God.

 But, I guess I shouldn’t have done that.”

 Alek was hung-up on becoming a hero.

 “Something like North God is after all only just a name. But he had become obsessed over it.”

 Sándor said that and took another swig.

 It wasn’t something I could say.

 From here on out, if he gathered enough experience, maybe he would’ve found something which would have made him worthy of the North God title.

 Or so I thought but I couldn’t say it.

 Since Alek was no longer here.

 “Well, let bygones be bygones. I am a little worried right now, but you don't have to worry about that, Rudeus-dono. That’s just how wars are.”

 “………Is that so?”

 “I’ve heard that you have many children. Then……An opportunity will come where you must think about it.”

 The feeling of a parent who outlived his child.

 That was still unknown to me.

 And I didn’t wish to know it in the future.

 “Anyway, I pray for my son's happiness in the next world."

 “Yes.”

 From there, our conversation paused.

 The roar of the waves resounded from our front and the voices from the banquet from our behind.

 When we discussed about the current battle with that kind of ambience, it felt like this battle was finally reaching its end.

 Even though we still haven’t even defeated Gisu, much less even seen him, it was coming to its end.

 That was a tinge of anxiety that sprouted from the end of the battle.

 As for the result, we were close to complete victory for this battle.

 But there were times where we just barely made it through and where luck played a strong part.

 What about the next move?

 Would we be able to fight just like this time and attain victory?

 It may be hard.

 Gisu will probably make even more strategies after judging this battle.

 “In the end, I wonder just who was Hitogami’s last apostle.”

 Those were the words that came out.

 It wasn’t the Sword God.

 It wasn’t the North God.

 It didn’t even seem to be the Ogre God.

 Gisu and Dark King Vita.

 There was still one unknown apostle left.

 According to the Ogre God, Gisu had fled.

 Maybe he had taken that person who we haven’t met yet with him as I had expected.

 But, there was something.

 I felt like I was forgetting about something.

 A piece was missing.

 One more person who should be more like an apostle hadn’t come out yet.

 “Let’s see. Truth be told, even I can’t imagine someone who would be one. Perhaps there might be a different apostle moving in a different place.”

 In a different place, a different apostle.

 When I thought about that, the memory that came into my mind was my house.

 The Ogre God hadn’t attacked it.

 But there was the possibility that someone else’s hand was reaching out to it.

 We still didn’t have any means to return back.

 We had struck a deal, but……it was still taking far longer than anticipated.

 I wonder if Sharia was under attack right now.

 “Phew………”

 I couldn’t help being worried.

 I was anxious, but I could do nothing but let the people there deal with it.

 I just didn’t want to feel like a parent who had outlived his child.

 I was fighting so that I didn’t get to taste that feeling.

 As if to wash away that feeling, I held the cup in front of my mouth and gulped it down in one go.

 I just wanted to return quickly.

 “Huh?”

 Sándor suddenly raised his face.

 He looked at the sea.

 “Is there something shining?”

 On those words, I looked towards the sea as well.

 It was night-time right now.

 The sea was completely dark, nothing could be seen.

 Only the roar of the waves could be heard.

 Even when using the clairvoyance, I could see nothing.

 “Where is it coming from?”

 “There, there, can’t you see? It’s approaching us.”

 Same as before, nothing entered my eyes.

 I strained my eyes for a bit but still couldn’t see anything.

 I wonder if he had gotten drunk and was seeing illusions.

 “Should I bring a lamp?”

 “………Can you really not see it?”

 “I can’t see it. Aren’t Sándor-san’s eyes a bit too powerful?”

 Sándor knit his brows in confusion.

 Surely it was possible that the holder of the clairvoyance was in fault.

 Perhaps because I was drunk, I was looking in other direction.

 Maybe a little bit upwards.

 “……Don’t tell me! Rudeus-dono, close your demon eyes!”

 “Huh? Ah, okay.”

 I closed my eyes.

 “NOT THAT, cut off your mana supply to your demon eyes!”

 “………”

 As he ordered, I cut the mana supply to my demon eyes.

 Both the foresight and clairvoyance eyes.

 “………Huh.”

 The moment I did, I could see it.

 A being heading towards the sandy beach from the foreshore just now.

 That guy was big. With a height of over 2 meters……his size was similar to the Ogre God.

 That guy had wore a golden armor on his body.

 That guy had 6 arms.

 That guy, that guy was carrying a person on his shoulder.

 The person who was on his shoulder wore a robe with odd patterns on it.

 He removed the hood of his robe, and a nostalgic face leaped in my eyes.

 “Ah, so we meet here, Senpai………”

 The monkey-faced person.

 It was Gisu.

 “For god’s sake, just when I thought we’d land unnoticed, this happens. This ain’t good.”

 “FUHAHAHAHA, You should better not think that everything will go according to plan, eh?”

 “Ain’t that right.”

 The one who answered Gisu was a male wearing a golden armor on his body.

 It was a nostalgic voice.

 I could never forget this way of laughter.

 “Your Majesty Badi……”

 Badigadi.

 Why was he here? Why was he with something like that and why was he with Gisu?

 Did the Ogre God betray us?

 Or did Sándor call them here?

 Don’t tell me─no─but─this is─huh?

 Various thoughts rushed through my mind, words didn’t seem to come out.

 My body started trembling without any cause.

 That golden armor was bad.

 I didn’t know why it was bad, but I could feel the sinister premonition in that bad.

 If I fought someone like him without any armor, then it would be instant death for me.

 “It’s been a long time, Rudeus and Alex too.”

 Despite Sándor’s state of complete dumbfoundedness, his forehead was completely wet with sweat.

 Even though he should’ve attacked at once, he wasn’t moving.

 I felt that from Sándor in front of me.

 “Great Uncle. Why were you here?”

 “Isn’t it obvious!? It is because the Great I am an apostle of Hitogami!”

 Badigadi spoke.

 He spoke imposingly without any hesitation.

 That he was the last apostle.

 “………Ah.”

 I see.

 That’s how it was.

 I had forgotten.

 Wasn’t I told before as well?

 Kishirika had said that the possibility of Badigadi being an apostle was high.

 And he was also the one who brought Ruijerd along to the village, it was a matter of fact.

 It was Badigadi.

 Just why had I forgotten it?

 The final piece that fell into the puzzle.

 “On Hitogami’s request, I escorted Ruijerd to the Supard village. In the middle of the battle, I was to get this armor that lay at the center of the ocean.

 By joining the strengths of Dark King Vita, Sword God, North God, and Ogre God, the Great I was to defeat you people who had lost their escape routes and Dragon Orsted, therefore the Great I─”

 “Boss, boss.”

 “What is it? Just when I was getting into the mood to talk with humans……”

 “You’re talking too much. There ain’t any need to go that far.”

 “Hmph, such a dull person. Isn’t our strategy already out in the open?”

 While scratching his cheeks with his fingers, Gisu shrugged.

 But with those words just now, I was able to connect the dots.

 I was right.

 Sword God, North God, and Ogre God.

 They weren’t Hitogami’s apostles.

 And if I had let North God III escape then the fight would’ve continued.

 Without dissolving the subjugation force, they would’ve entered the forest for the final confrontation.

 During that time, they would land at Ogre Island.

 Defeating Atofe’s Imperial Guards to get rid of Ogre God’s fear.

 With only North God and Ogre God, we had such a close fight.

 And on top of that, if Badigadi were to come, we would have no chance of winning.

 But if it is now.

 Dark King was dead.

 Sword God was dead.

 North God was dead.

 Ogre God had surrendered.

 The opponents were only Gisu and Badigadi.

 “No, I know that, Senpai. I’ve heard from Hitogami that you’ve won in the forest. You’re thinking that we won’t have any chance to win this late in the game, eh?”

 Gisu was useless at fighting.

 That’s why we could win……

 Could we……win?

 “But ya know, will it really go down like that? This gentleman over here is quite a legend, ya know?”

 Being called a legend, Badi got arrogant.

 “4200 years ago. The Great I had a tie with that Demon-Dragon King Laplace. I, the strongest Demon Lord……”

 While gulping down his own spit.

 The armor worn by Badi shined as if verifying his existence.

 “……am named Fighting God Badigadi. I alone should be enough, right?”

 So it was that after all.

 So this was the Fighting God Armor after all.

 A full-length armor giving out a bizarre presence.

 I was getting chills similar to when I fought Orsted seriously for the first time.

 I could instinctively tell that we couldn’t win.

 In the next moment, Badigadi spread his crossed arms.

 “My name is Fighting God Badigadi! Dragon God’s subordinate Rudeus of the 『Quagm─”

 “My name is Alex Kalman Ryback! I am North God Kalman the Second!

 I challenge the Immortal Demon Lord Badigadi to a personal duel!

 I swear by the honor of the Immortal Demon Clan, accept it!”

 Badigadi stalled.

 And then saw Gisu with a troubled face.

 “Mmmh……the great I intended to duel with Rudeus though.”

 “It’s fine if you refuse.”

 “Can’t do that. It’s been decided since the ancient times that a Demon Lord must always accept a challenge.”

 Gisu was stunned.

 Rather than Hitogami, it seems Gisu’s grip had already loosened on the reins.

 Even I didn’t have the spirit to control Badigadi or Atofe or anyone like that.

 “Rudeus-dono.”

 During that time, Sándor whispered.

 “I’ll try to gain some time here. During that time retreat, assemble our forces, and then polish your counter-plan.”

 “And what about you, Sándor-san?”

 “I might not make it back alive.”

 I had trouble breathing.

 I couldn’t answer immediately.

 But I did quickly nod once.

 I was right now flesh and blood.

 Even if the MK. I was near me, right now I am flesh and blood.

 It was not about the safety margin.

 There wasn’t any chance to win right now.

 I would only become a hindrance if we both fought.

 If I fought here right now, I would only become a demerit and nothing else.

 “Please……do.”

 I said that and ran towards the village.

 While hearing the intense clash of the weapons behind me.

 Author’s Q&A

 Q. It won’t be fitting to call the child having a rhythmical sense of innate disposition.

 Even though he couldn’t dance in his childhood?

 A. Perhaps it might be better to say it was his uniqueness.

 Q. The fact that Magonote-sensei knew about about Wing Man surprised me a little (lol).

 Though it was the heat shock.

 On the whole I think it seems a bit off. To raise your novel writing level, did you read a lot in the past?

 A. It had nothing to do with studying, I just picked up whatever felt interesting. Whether it be book or game.

 Although I have given up on old hard to get things, like things that can’t be played on current OS.

 But my memory is a little unreliable.

 Q. “This crest is the Migurd race’s!” the people who would recognize this crest won’t simply charge at the Migurd village right?

 A. Maybe they would.

 Q. Kishirika has the superior Demon eye『Eye of a Thousand Miles』but if a Demon Eye is trained then could it not become a superior one?

 Or is it some kind of event reward from Kirishika?

 “Take this new Demon eye.”

 “Evolve your Demon Eye” ←

 Like this the choices will come.

 A. When Kishirika grows, while using a large amount of mana, it is possible to grant superior demon eyes.

 Q. He wasn’t under complete obedience of Hitogami, and on top of that, if His Majesty Badi was a friend of his then they should’ve been able to evade the duel with negotiations or at least delay it for a bit. He left all the decision-making to another person & escaped……only at the critical moment he ran away from the battlefield, his mind still hasn’t grown at all.

 A. At the critical moment “The enemy clearly declared that they were their enemy, if it’s this guy then he wouldn’t be under complete obedience of his boss, but if he’s a close friend of his then they can evade the battle by negotiations or at least delay it” such a na?ve thought is……growth?

 Q. “Hm. That not lie.” please teach me its meaning.

 A. “Hmm. That doesn’t seem to be a lie.”

 Or “Hmm, it isn’t a lie, right?”

 Q. Why is it that when he uses the Foresight and Clairvoyance eye he can’t see His Majesty Badi?

 A. Badigadi’s constitution is made up of something that is irrecognizable to the Demon eye.

 Q. It may be a question now but Alek’s gravity ignoring attacks or evasion that he used, would it be OK to imagine it like that air hand-to-hand fighting that uses wire action in Hong Kong action movies?

 A. It’s more like a low jump similar to in Arcana Hearts.

 While ignoring the inertia suddenly rising and diving, dashing in mid-air.

 Q. Could Gisu breath underwater with those odd patterned clothes he was wearing? Was it a magic tool?

 A. It’s a special cloth that can block the Demon eye.

 He even has many others as well.

 Badigadi walked from the sea but he didn’t drown.

 Q. This is……if Sándor had the Dragon King Sword then he would've been able to stall for more time……

 A. I don’t think he would take the Dragon King Sword ever again no matter how hard the battle.

 Q. Paul’s dagger that was fit on the Magic Armor’s left arm, was it still on the MK. I?

 A. Yes, it’s there.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
