Volume 23  21 — End of Battle

Volume 23 Chapter 21: End of Battle

 

 Part 1

 One month passed after that.

 Right now, I was close to the exit to the forest of Earth Dragon Valley.

 Wooden buildings that were built with a simplistic structure were standing in a row.

 In an open space cleared of trees, various men and women were restlessly walking around.

 Woodcutters, laborers, and carpenters of the Human race that were employed by the Biheiril Kingdom and Supard Race…which came from the Rudo Mercenary Group.

 “Onii-chan, would you please open up the east side of the forest a bit?”

 There was Aisha as well.

 She was giving instructions to each team as if she owned this village.

 Rinia and Pursena were receiving her instructions and then commanding the group members to act on them.

 This made it difficult to discern just who was the Captain.

 “Yeah, got it.”

 I was mixed up with them as well and was currently helping out in the reconstruction of the Supard village.

 I opened up the forests with magic, made the foundations of houses with earth magic, and made a road up to the village of the Earth Dragon Valley.

 There were a lot of things to do.

 Now then.

 Just why were Aisha and Rudo Mercenary Group here?

 Just why was there no one except Orsted when Alek arrived at the village?

 Explaining that is a must.

 Although I said that an explanation was needed, I’ll only finish it up with a few words.

 It was Aisha’s deed.

 Saying it was her deed makes her look like she was guilty of a prank or something, so I should rephrase that to ‘work’.

 It was Aisha’s work.

 When the Teleport Formation and Communication Lithograph stopped working -

 Aisha and Rudo Mercenary Group too were in the polar regions of confusion.

 In a faraway land with their means of contact and movement sealed, anxiety and impatience were born.

 Within those circumstances, Aisha was calm.

 She calmly took things into consideration and thought.

 If the fight had already started at the actual spot, then for them who were near the national border, it would be too late once they actually reached their destination, and the things that could be done were few as well.

 The conclusion Aisha had arrived at took into consideration the possibility of Gisu escaping while trying to restore the Teleport Formation.

 That is to say, the restoration of infrastructure.

 Although, in addition to the Teleport Formations, the reserved formation that Aisha had took with her which corresponded with the formation at the office were all already destroyed.

 There was no way.

 Or so I would think, and give up.

 Because I already gave up.

 However, Aisha was struck with an idea.

 Her gifted brain recalled the secret arts of a certain person.

 Those secret arts, which had a complete grasp of the damaged teleport formations of the other side and the formations that corresponded to those ones, were a technique capable of drawing such formations and able to teleport wherever desired.

 Just who was that certain person?

 That’s right, it was『The Armored Dragon King』 Perugius Dola.

 She searched for a Stone Monument of the Seven Great World Powers near the national border in order to ask him for a favor.

 Depending on whether she could find it, she would then travel to the Sky Fortress after using Perugius’s flute.

 Perugius, who knew that we were helping a Demon Race, was reluctant.

 He declared “I’ll only make one.” towards Aisha’s request, to which Aisha chose the option of creating a magic formation at the national border which connected to the Supard Village.

 And that’s how it was.

 “You were able to persuade Perugius, eh?”

 “He was quite reluctant, but when Orsted asked him for a favor, he quickly accepted.”

 After that, when I was in the middle of battle, everyone teleported from the Supard village.

 They quickly made use of the teleport formation after hearing about the circumstances, and the inhabitants and the rest all took shelter at a city near the national border…or so how it went.

 If we had prioritized on making a normal teleport formation rather than making one for Roxy’s return to Sharia to summon the Magic Armor 『MK. Zero』, it would have been almost in vain……

 It was somehow clever that Roxy’s mistake was followed up by Aisha.

 Although it was inevitable that Roxy felt pretty guilty after that and curled herself up.

 “Around here?”

 “Yeah, clean it aaallll up. It should be fine to spread the area a little more, right?”

 “I guess, got it.”

 “When you’re done, call me again. I’ll make the Mercenary group carry the wood and all.”

 “Roger.”

 And so, it had been a month since the fight.

 Although we were prepared while staying vigilant, there was no sign of any more battles.

 It seemed that there would no longer be any battles.

 Therefore, I asked Sylphy, Roxy, and Zanoba to return back to Sharia. I also asked Eris to return back under the pretext of making her their guard.

 I asked of them this because the teleport formations used for the summoning of MK. Zero and the one used by refugees were destroyed during the battle of Orsted and Alek; it took the same pattern just like the time with Perugius.

 I had asked them to rebuild the office, restore the teleport formations and communication lithographs, and such.

 It seemed that nothing happened at Sharia.

 The receptionist Little Elf-chan was fine too.

 The only damage was that the weapons and armor, and the documents in which Orsted wrote every day were buried.

 The refugees of the Supard race travelled from the national border to Second City Irel, and came back to the Supard village using the teleport formation which was reconnected.

 Afterwards, they were officially welcomed by the Biheiril Kingdom.

 It was affirmed that Biheiril Kingdom would be accepting the Supard Race as citizens.

 They weren’t in any position to say no after losing both Ogre God and the third city.

 They added a condition for accepting the Supards as official citizens, in that at least 3 people from the Supard Race should choose to do a profession for the sake of Country.

 It was the same as what happened with the Ogre Race.

 For now, the selection of those three had finished, and we’re currently starting reconstruction on the Supard village.

 If the reconstruction continues without any incident, then the Supards would be able to live in the Biheiril Kingdom’s urban area.

 We had defeated all of the apostles, and had made the Biheiril Kingdom, Ogre Race, and Supard Race our allies.

 We were victorious.

 But, did we really gain complete victory?

 “Rudeus-dono.”

 “Sándor-san.”

 While I pondered, the lumbering of woods continued. Unaware of my surroundings, Sándor was now standing behind me.

 It wasn’t just Sándor.

 Ghyslaine, Isolte, and Doga were there too.

 Sándor came back about 10 days later after the fight was over.

 He was knocked off into the sea by the Fighting God and drifted ashore to Ogre Island, where he strained himself to recuperate.

 Or should I say how admirable it was that he came back alive after fighting against the Fighting God?

 “Thank you for your efforts. What happened?”

 “Nothing really. Just, we were thinking that it was about time we returned back to Asura Kingdom. So we came to give our farewells.”

 “…………Ah.”

 The work of Sándor and the rest was over.

 They were at best Ariel’s subordinates.

 If there was no fight, then they could only return back.

 “Sándor-san. Thank you very much. If it weren’t for you, then all of this wouldn’t have happened.”

 “If it’s gratitude, then give it to Her Majesty Ariel.”

 “Of course. Please convey to Her Majesty that if something happens from now on, then Her Majesty can inform me first. That I would be willing to cooperate.”

 “I understand.”

 Sándor, Doga, Ghyslaine, and Isolte.

 Each one of them was as strong as King class or above.

 I couldn’t thank her enough for lending me such strong people.

 “Ghyslaine-san too, thank you very much.”

 “No need for thanks……but, I’m thinking about visiting the grave next time.”

 “I understand. I will be patiently awaiting.”

 Ghylaine only said a few words.

 “Doga too, thank you. When I fell into the valley, if you weren’t there then I would’ve died.”

 “Yup.”

 “If you get into some kind of trouble, please do tell me. I too, want to repay my lifesaver.”

 “Yup!”

 Doga only said “Yup”, but he looked a little lonely.

 “Isolte-san too, thank you very much. If you hadn’t come at that moment, I would’ve died.”

 “No, I was able to learn various things as well. It is I who should say thank you very much.”

 After giving an elegant bow, she smiled.

 The same as before, a beautiful woman.

 I wonder just what the heck the males of the Asura Kingdom were thinking if she’s still unmarried.

 “Please give my heartfelt thanks to the team of doctors as well.”

 “Yes, well then……we’ll be taking our leave.”

 Sándor bowed once and turned on his heels.

 But after seeing his back, I recalled something that I had completely forgotten and called out to him.

 “Um…it was regretful what happened to Atofe-sama.”

 Sándor came back.

 But it was only him who returned.

 Atofe was still missing.

 If she was washed away by the sea then she wouldn’t be found for another several years.

 It was the same with Moore too.

 “……There’s no need to worry about Mother. I think if you give her enough time, she would suddenly make her appearance some day. I think the most regretful thing that had happened was Ogre God’s death.”

 “That’s……right.”

 Ogre God’s death was confirmed.

 He put up a good fight against Fighting God.

 But he wasn’t one of the Immortal Demon Race. He used up all of his strength in the end and died.

 Even though I had finally reconciled with him too…

 “Although nothing can be gained by just mourning the dead.”

 “Indeed. We must look ahead of ourselves.”

 I had promised Malta.

 That if he were to die then I would be protecting the survivors of the Ogre Race.

 Right now, there was no one who would be a threat to Ogre Race, but if something happened then I’d want to protect them even if there wasn’t a promise.

 “Well then, goodbye.”

 “Yes. Many thanks for your hard work.”

 “Ah, right……Please take care of Alek.”

 “……Yes.”

 Sándor said that and left.

 And then Cliff could be seen coming my way as if replacing them.

 Along with Elinalize.

 “Rudeus.”

 “Cliff-senpai.”

 “Are they returning as well?”

 “Yes, are you going too, Cliff-senpai?”

 “Yeah. The relocation is over……in the end, I just couldn’t find out the cause of Plague, but it’s been almost a month now and the people living there have moved away……so I’ve decided to head back for now.”

 I was indebted to Cliff as well.

 If it weren’t for him, the plague couldn’t have been cured.

 It’s possible that the plague was the Dark King’s doing.

 “Cliff-senpai. Thank you very much. If you hadn’t come, then just what would've happened……”

 “Well, I do think that you would’ve been able to something, since it’s you. If the plague relapses, contact me.”

 “Yes……I’ve been getting nothing but favors from you; just how should I show my gratitude, I wonder?”

 “The reason I’m able to work hard in Milis while leaving Lize and Clive is because your family is looking after mine. We are of equal status in that regard.”

 I’m grateful if he says something like that.

 “Well then, till next time. I’ll be meeting your family on my way back, so are there any messages?”

 “Tell them I’ll be coming back soon.”

 “Got it.”

 Cliff said that and left.

 In the end, Elinalize winked at me. I’ve troubled her a lot as well, but didn’t say anything to her…… Well, I’d do that the next time we talk as neighbors.

 But, I sure was saved by various people this time.

 First was Cliff. If it weren’t for him, then the Supard race might have perished by the plague.

 Then Sándor and Doga. If it weren’t for them, I wouldn’t be standing here right now.

 Atofe’s timing looked like God’s itself.

 The Atofe-hand and the attack at Ogre Island at just the right time.

 It could be said that this victory with almost no injuries was thanks to Atofe.

 That Atofe was now missing, that is to say, I wanted to search for her in the sea once things had calmed down as a way of not showing too much ingratitude.

 The battle was now over and everyone was returning.

 A big event had ended, and it looked like we were breaking up as a result.

 It was somehow lonely.

 “Alright.”

 As I pondered such things, the lumbering of the woods was finished.

 In front of my eyes was a clean, stretched-out ground.

 The trees that were pulled out from their roots were neatly lined up using Earth Magic.

 I had done a nice job if I say so myself.

 “Now then, Aisha is……hm.”

 When I turned, I could see Ruijerd and Norn walking towards me, just at the right time.

 “Ah, Nii-san.”

 “Norn! You’ve come at just the right time. Won’t you tell Aisha that the lumbering has been finished?”

 “Yes, I understand.”

 Norn turned on her heels and quickly ran towards the village.

 Ruijerd who was left behind was now walking up to me.

 “Rudeus.”

 “Ruijerd-san.”

 “Sorry. I’ve burdened you with various things.”

 “You’ve promised that you wouldn’t say that right? Dad.”

 “I don’t remember making such a promise.”

 “Right.”

 Ruijerd was engaged in the reconstruction of the Supard village.

 After that, he would probably come and go from our office, or be placed as the Biheiril Kingdom’s negotiator.

 Norn was clinging to Ruijerd.

 She too, until this village had finished rebuilding, intended to help Ruijerd.

 “After the village’s completion, please do visit our house in Sharia.”

 “Yeah, even I want to see your children.”

 “They’re super cute.”

 “Your kids are just like that.”

 Ruijerd laughed and then eyed me.

 His height hadn’t changed very much.

 “……You became really strong, didn’t you? I never would have thought that you would become one of the Seven Great World Powers.”

 “If it’s the you right now then even you can become one, Ruijerd-san. If it’s you, I would be done in by just one punch, in just one punch.”

 “Don’t joke around.”

 “But I’m certain that I didn’t become one only on my power alone.”

 “That power might be yours as well.”

 “I wonder.”

 “………”

 Ruijerd looked at me a little, gave out a little laugh, removed the pendant hanging from his neck, and held it out towards me.

 It was Roxy’s pendant.

 “I’ll return this back to you now.”

 “But, this is……”

 “You should hold onto this after all.”

 The pendant I gave to Ruijerd when we first parted.

 Roxy’s pendant.

 Unaware, this pendant had become my mark.

 The pendant which was my motive for setting out into the world.

 “I understand.”

 I accepted that pendant.

 Before, when I handed him this pendant, it was over a trivial matter.

 When we parted, I never intended for him to give it back to me. I hoped that he would hold onto it.

 Or perhaps I wanted to have a link with him.

 But he had returned it now.

 Because we were already brethren.

 Because we won’t be parting for quite some time now.

 “Ruijerd-san, Please take care of me from now on.”

 “Yeah. Though I might lack the ability.”

 “We’ll just have to compensate for each other’s mistakes.”

 “Pfft, that’s right.”

 I laughed and Ruijerd too smiled.

 Part 2

 Norn came back along with Mercenary Group and left with Ruijerd.

 I left the place as well and started walking towards the Teleport Formation.

 I thought of finally returning back to Sharia.

 “!”

 Then I realized that someone was approaching me from behind.

 It was Orsted.

 Just as always with the black helmet.

 He wasn’t alone.

 Behind him was a black-haired boy who was following like a loyal retainer.

 It was Aleksander Ryback.

 “……”

 From that day forward, he started following Orsted everywhere as his subordinate.

 Like Moore, who followed Atofe.

 Like Sylvaril, who followed Perugius.

 As if to say that he had been in this position since hundreds of years ago.

 I wanted to make him acknowledge me as his superior, but if we were to fight, I’d lose, so I kept quiet.

 However, no matter how many times I see him, I end up getting cautious.

 “Is there something wrong?”

 “………Nothing.”

 “If there is something then please do say so. I’ll quickly mend it.”

 Although contrary to my cautiousness, Alek was quite obedient from that day.

 I thought that he would hold some kind of grudge against me, but he was honest.

 He was completely obedient towards me and of course towards Orsted as well.

 “I can understand why you would be cautious.

 However, my position was clear to me after the battle the other day.

 That, just how much inexperienced and stunted I was.

 I will be devoting myself under Orsted-sama and Rudeus-sama’s studies for a while, and during that time I intend to search for the meaning of what being a hero means, what being a North God means.

 As a proof of that and as my punishment, my dominant arm has been sealed in this way.”

 While saying that, Alek raised his right arm to show it.

 Everything down from his wrist was now gone, and a pattern was carved into the wrist’s section.

 It was sealing magic performed by Orsted.

 The Immortal Demon Race’s blood that flowed in Alek’s veins could resurrect him even if he was scattered into pieces.

 Although his speed wasn’t as fast as Atofe’s and Badigadi’s, he could still completely regenerate even if it took some time.

 That is why, his dominant arm was cut off and Orsted put a seal on it so that it didn’t regenerate.

 It was his proof of loyalty.

 Incidentally, the one who loaded the mana into the sealing magic formation was me.

 “If it’s just my left hand then I wouldn’t be that much of a threat.”

 “………No, if it’s you, you would be able to defeat me even without a single hand, I think. Like Headbutting or something.”

 “You’re too humble……no, that modest nature of yours might be valuable. Please do guide and encourage me from now on.”

 “Yeah……”

 Orsted had faith in that Alek, so even if he served near him, he had no complaints.

 But I felt like that he would someday stab me in the back.

 Honestly, I’m scared.

 “……Um, if you ever want your World Power position back, then tell me. I’ll immediately return it.”

 “No, I’ve acknowledged that you yourself aren’t that immature, so once again, please do take care of me.”

 “You will be diligent, right? You won’t just surprise backstab me someday, right?”

 “Perhaps not you, Rudeus-dono. But I might challenge someone from the Sword Temple. Of course when it’ll come to that, I’ll fight you head on fair and square!”

 “Let’s fight with the back of our swords, kay? Let’s not kill ourselves at that time, kay?”

 “Yep!”

 As of now, I had become the Seventh Rank of the Seven Great World Powers.

 First Rank 『Technique God』 Laplace.

 Second Rank 『Dragon God』 Orsted.

 Third Rank 『Fighting God』 Badigadi.

 Fourth Rank 『Demon God』 Laplace.

 Fifth Rank 『Death God』 Randolf.

 Sixth Rank 『Sword God』 Jino Britts.

 Seventh Rank 『Quagmire』 Rudeus Greyrat.

 And so it was.

 Only my name was looking terribly out-of-place, and I was getting sick of it.

 From this point onwards, I was sure guys hoping to snatch the World Power rank from me would come running.

 I’m bummed out.

 Although my mark was the Migurd Race’s mark.

 There were only a few times I had shown off that mark as mine. I received Roxy’s pendant just now, but I didn’t intend on showing it off, so no one would be able to tell just who the real World Power was.

 My popularity shouldn’t be that high, so challengers shouldn’t come gathering up. Yep.

 Let’s go with the belief that the Seventh Rank was 『Unidentified』 for now. Yep.

 Incidentally, during that fight. Fighting God’s rank didn’t change.

 According to Orsted, it seemed that unless the Fighting God Armor itself was completely destroyed, the ranking wouldn’t change.

 I looked away from Alek’s face that was full of determination and looked at Orsted.

 “Orsted-sama……how about that condition of yours?”

 I faced toward Orsted, who was silent throughout the conversation.

 “Not bad. It’s not like it’ll get worse if I use mana to some extent.”

 In the final battle, Orsted used his mana.

 A lot of mana.

 It could be said that he used half of the total amount.

 It was an easy victory in front of my eyes. Actually, his HP remained at full and only his MP was spent to 50%, so it was certain that it was an easy victory.

 However, the recovery of that MP was a different story altogether.

 Orsted had ended up using his mana that he was saving for his fight against Laplace and Hitogami.

 We were victorious.

 But Hitogami was able to meet his winning conditions as well.

 Then, was it really our victory?

 “Our allies have increased and our enemies decreased. The amount of times from now on that I will have to use my mana will be few, I guess.”

 Although Orsted wasn’t paying much attention to it.

 He might’ve made up his mind about it.

 “That would be nice.”

 “Even if it’s not, it’s different this time around. As such, it’s fine to take a different direction and then proceed accordingly. I’ve already resolved myself for that.”

 Orsted had wagered it on me.

 He was thinking that even if he used up the mana that was going to be used against Laplace and Hitogami, if he fought together with me then he could do it.

 He was thinking that we had completely won this time.

 If I think that he had won, then it should be a victory.

 There were almost no casualties actually.

 Ogre God, some people of the Supard Race, and some people of the Imperial Guards.

 That’s all the damage to this side.

 There wasn't any losing factor.

 “Ah, then, what would be your course of action now?”

 “I’ll be returning to Sharia soon.”

 “I understand. I was also thinking of going back……ah, but I do think that the office has yet to start its reconstruction?”

 “I don’t mind. There should be at least a place to sleep.”

 At the bare minimum, the teleport formation in the basement was dug out. Still, if repair works were going to continue, there would be a need for expansion work.

 We must think about a countermeasure by taking into consideration how the Ogre God destroyed the office.

 Although even now a good plan doesn’t come to mind.

 Perhaps it would be better to not place magic formations in countries other than the major ones.

 Until now, I hadn’t taken into consideration the possibility of an enemy using it to invade, and so I was quite surprised.

 “Before that, I think we should go see that guy.”

 “………”

 That guy, huh?

 “Let me accompany you.”

 Part 3

 That evening, Orsted and I proceeded towards the Earth Dragon Valley.

 Towards the bottom of the Earth Dragon Valley.

 A leveled path where blue mushrooms and moss were growing in abundance.

 There was a carefully hidden small hole on the wall.

 The hole that was about 1 metre in diameter was in a slightly curved position. It looked like a dead end at a glance if seen from outside.

 However, a huge room awaited if someone were to proceed some 10 metres inside it.

 There, a large magic formation was shedding light with one sword as its core.

 Though I say it’s large, its radius was 5 metres at best.

 One male was lying within that formation.

 “Hmm, so you’ve come.”

 It was Demon Lord Badigadi.

 His body had been separated into 5 pieces, and each of them were sealed in different places in the valley.

 His main body was here.

 This barrier would never get destroyed unless all of the remaining 4 seals were destroyed first.

 And then, the barrier was operating using the mana of Badigadi’s body, which was further amplified with the Dragon King Sword and Fighting God Armor as a catalyst.

 It could keep operating almost forever.

 The Barrier Magic Formation was reverently made by Perugius himself.

 It was the God-Class barrier magic created in order to seal the Demon God.

 If the sealing object that would become the medium and the magic item that would become the intermediary were strong enough, they could increase the barrier’s strength.

 In addition to the Fighting God Armor, even the Dragon King Sword was used by this seal as a catalyst. It was powerful enough that not even Orsted could break out of it.

 It’s possible that using two God-Class equipment as one part of the barrier was somewhat wasteful.

 However, both of them would be terrifying weapons in the hands of the enemy.

 Since the enemy proved this by using the teleport formations for their own gain, if these things were getting used up here then it’s not such a bad thing.

 As long as this seal existed, not only Badigadi, but the Fighting God Armor and the Dragon King Sword would be sealed here as well.

 If this was destroyed then there would be no choice left but to give up.

 That’s the conclusion I’d come with.

 Orsted had requested Perugius to set up this barrier.

 He bowed his head and requested to borrow his strength.

 And, Perugius acknowledged that.

 He became Orsted’s brethren, his ally.

 But Perugius was someone that must be killed.

 Which meant that Orsted had chosen the path of betrayal.

 I owed both Orsted and Perugius a lot.

 As an individual, it’s a complex feeling.

 But I could understand that Orsted had no choice left but to choose that path.

 On top of that, if it’s something that Orsted had decided on, then I was in no position to complain.

 I did think that it would’ve been nice if we at least knew some way to reach Hitogami’s place without using the five Dragon Race treasures, but it was clear that just a little bit of research wasn’t going to be enough to find it.

 Well, perhaps I didn’t really need to think about that.

 The enemy was in front of me right now.

 “I must terribly apologize, Your Majesty. I had no choice but to do this if you were to become Hitogami’s apostle again.”

 “It’s quite uncomfortable. Can you let me move a little bit more?”

 Badigadi said pompously while lying in a pose similar to the sleeping Buddha.

 Even for my personal opinion regarding this jail, this was certainly an uncomfortable and narrow sealing barrier.

 Still, I couldn't bring myself to kill him.

 Please don’t kill him - was Kishirika’s earnest request to me.

 “I’m terribly sorry, this is the best I can do right now.”

 “Hmm. Then it can’t be helped.”

 Badigadi said and laughed with a FUAHAHA.

 He had two arms and his body was comparatively smaller than before.

 This was the result of the seal.

 “So what’s your business here? Don’t tell me, did you come here to have a drinking bout with my charming figure?”

 “Orsted-sama has something to talk with you.”

 I said that and handed over the scene to Orsted.

 “Demon Lord Badigadi.”

 “Good evening, Dragon God-dono. What would be your business today?”

 “Abandon Hitogami and work under me.”

 Badigadi looked blankly for a few seconds.

 But quickly laughed out loud.

 “FUHAHAHAHAHA!”

 Badigadi’s laughter echoed within the cave.

 “The despicable Dragon Race is asking ME, one of the Immortal Demon Race to join HIM!?”

 “Although you became an enemy for a while, you bastard are still Rudeus’s friend. Alex, Aleksander, and Atofe have already turned to this side, so do you have any room for consideration?”

 “NO!”

 He declared plainly.

 “But why? Respected Granduncle.”

 Alek, who was standing near the entrance, came forward.

 “You have already lost, you know? Then in accordance with the Immortal Demon Race’s law─”

 “Do not misunderstand, Lil’ Alek. That is not the law of the Immortal Demon Race. That’s only Atofe’s own rule.”

 “Then, Respected Granduncle. Have you pledged allegiance to Hitogami?”

 “Wrong.”

 Badigadi raised his body and shook his head.

 And then, he folded his only two arms and sat crosslegged.

 “I don’t like fighting anyone to begin with.

 What I do like is going on journeys, laughing while drinking alcohol, making advances on casual women, sleep with them, getting shout at by my fiancee at times, drinking alcohol along with friends, laughing, singing, and looking at the sleeping but satisfied faces of tired people.

 I went out of my way this time only because Hitogami requested me while bowing his head.

 He wanted me to kill Rudeus Greyrat and Dragon God Orsted no matter what.

 Do you know just thanks to whom both me and Kishirika were able to live up till this age?

 I remembered the matter of 4200 years ago and simply wanted to repay back my debt.

 On those terms I accepted, but ‘only once’.”

 “………”

 “And now, that only once is over.

 I won’t be becoming anyone’s ally from now on!

 If given the choice of getting sealed here or fight, I’ll choose to get sealed.”

 If that’s how it is, then I think that it would be fine to let him out.

 Of course, on top of being Hitogami’s apostle and his nature of getting deceived so easily, I couldn’t just thoughtlessly leave him alone.

 Yep……

 “At any rate, when the fight between you and Hitogami is over, won’t you let me out then?”

 Badigadi said to the perplexed me with a broad grin.

 “……Yeah.”

 I realized after seeing Orsted nod.

 That’s right.

 It would be impossible within my lifetime, but if Orsted wins against Hitogami, then there would no longer be any meaning to jail him.

 “After 100 years.”

 “That would arrive before long. Then I’ll just obediently wait here.”

 Badigadi said that and lay down once again.

 Orsted nodded and turned on his heels.

 The talk was over with this.

 That was quick.

 “Your Majesty……it’s probably not the right time to say this, but thank you very much for various things in the Magic University.”

 “Yeah. Rudeus, I don’t know if this is the last time we’ll ever meet, but I should say congratulations to you.”

 “Congratulations, is it?”

 “I’m congratulating because you’ve won.”

 “I wonder if I’ve really won……”

 That’s what I’m worried about.

 In the end, Orsted ended up using mana.

 A mistake was made at the very last moment.

 However, Badigadi wasn’t alluding that one bit.

 “Yeah. You’ve made Hitogami taste the sense of defeat.”

 “Sense of defeat, is it?”

 “Yeah. You’ve made Hitogami realize that “No matter what I do, I can’t kill this guy.” Hitogami has completely lost all will to continue. Explaining how Hitogami looked the last time I saw him is difficult, but his figure certainly looked that of a loser. If it’s so, then just what would you call it if not his enemy’s victory?”

 “……Is that true?”

 “If you don’t believe it, then go ahead and remove that bracelet and see for yourself.”

 When pointed at by him, I unconsciously hid my hand with the bracelet on.

 “I’ll……pass on that.”

 “I see, that’s fine either way.”

 That trick won’t work on me.

 I didn’t even want to meet Hitogami.

 However.

 Indeed, when I saw him at the valley’s bottom, he seemed to be at his wits’ ends.

 If Hitogami realized a huge sense of defeat in this battle, then it might just be true.

 But I wasn’t confident on the comment that he would lose all his motivation and not do anything.

 “Is the talk over?”

 “There's nothin’ more from me.”

 “I see. Well then, be in good health.”

 I turned around and followed Orsted.

 At that time, Alek leaped in with an intolerable face.

 “Respected Granduncle……I am──”

 “Aleksander. If you want to become a hero, then find your true enemy. Your father could never find someone like that. When you defeat that, you will become a hero who will surpass his father.”

 “………I understand.”

 Alek turned around as well.

 This might be my final farewell to Badigadi.

 It would be nice if I showed myself once every few years, but it could be that through some way or another, the seal comes undone.

 Then it should be fine to not come.

 There’s no need to tell other people at the Magic University that Badigadi was sealed here.

 The only ones who knew about this place were me, Orsted, Alek, Ruijerd, and Perugius. Only 5 people.

 I’d made arrangements for Ruijerd to keep watch from the village’s entrance so that no one would visit this valley.

 On top of that, the amount of people who could descend and ascend the valley were few.

 Even for 100 years, the seal may not break even by chance.

 And, furthermore──

 “Rudeus, the entrance.”

 “Yes.”

 I covered up the small hole.

 So that no one would be able to dig it out or able to find it.

 It was my farewell.

 “Young Dragon God. I pray that someday your curse is lifted.”

 In the end, Badigadi’s faint voice could be heard from the cave.

 Part 4

 The next day.

 When the early morning was yet to arrive, before the sunrise, I returned back to Sharia.

 My destination the office that was in the middle of construction.

 The office which was now in front of the remaining debris.

 Zanoba and the rest who were working on the reconstruction were sleeping in a huddle over there.

 This time, I was indebted to Zanoba as well.

 He was someone I would like to have a give-and-take relationship with from now on.

 “Well then, Rudeus. I’ll be relying on you from now on as well.”

 And along with Orsted as well.

 “Yes.”

 I separated from Orsted outside the town, and walked in the morning mist that had covered the town.

 I had many souvenirs in my hands from the Biheiril Kingdom.

 Especially, a great sum of soy sauce.

 If I have this soy sauce, then from now on, I would be able to live my whole life.

 The town of Sharia was the same as before.

 The people here didn’t change as well.

 People who were working in the fields, the adventurers who were training in the gardens of hotels.

 The university teachers and men with robes could also be seen.

 While passing by them, I walked my way back through the snow, via the open place in the central part and towards the residential district.

 That scene was somehow nostalgic.

 I had walked this path almost every day, but I wonder why, a feeling that I’ve finally returned was welling up from my chest.

 From the street, I entered an alleyway.

 It was a narrow path through which not even a carriage could pass.

 I had become accustomed to this path, which was just a little shortcut.

 After exiting the alleyway, I could see my house.

 Beet, who had twined itself around the gatepost, upon seeing my arrival opened the gate.

 The kitchen garden lacked a little bit of grooming.

 When the armadillo Jirou saw me, he snuggled up to me.

 When I crouched and started petting his head, he rolled and showed his belly. He’s a cute pet.

 At that time, the entrance to the house soundlessly opened.

 The ones who came out were the Sacred Beast Leo and Eris.

 “Ara, Rudeus. Welcome back.”

 “I’m back. Where’s everyone?”

 “They’re safe.”

 “Not that, what are they doing?”

 “……Lilia and Sylphy are preparing food. Roxy, the kids, and Mother-in-Law are still sleeping. I was just about to go running.”

 “I see.”

 I muttered and took Eris’s hand.

 And Eris grasped my hand tightly as if to answer to that.

 I wonder if she had just done practice-swinging, because it felt warm.

 When I saw her face, she looked a little red.

 “Wh-what?”

 “Eris. Let’s take a day off today.”

 “I-I got it.”

 She said “I got it.” as if to say she had already seen through what we were going to do.

 Bang on the money.

 “Leo, it’s regrettable, but today’s stroll is cancelled.”

 “……Woof.”

 Leo had a somewhat disappointed face, but he licked my other hand and then returned inside the house.

 While holding hands with Eris, I entered the house as well.

 And then headed towards the kitchen.

 In the kitchen, Lilia and Sylphy were lined up and making food.

 “I’m back.”

 “Ah, welcome back, Rudi.”

 “Welcome back home, Master.”

 The usual smiles showed by Sylphy and Lilia with relieved faces.

 “Lilia-san, thank you very much for your effort in looking after the house.”

 “Not at all. I’m really glad that you were safely able to return back, Master.”

 “Norn and Aisha will be staying there for a little while longer.”

 “I understand.”

 After bowing to Lilia, I turn towards Sylphy.

 “Sylphy, let’s take a day off today.”

 “Eh? Alright, if it’s a day off……”

 Tilting her head in confusion was Sylphy.

 But it seemed the Lilia had quickly realized it.

 “I understand. Madam, please let me handle the cooking.”

 “Ah……I got it now.”

 While shyly smiling, she clutched my arm opposite to Eris.

 As a result of cooking and washing the plates, her hands were somewhat cold.

 “Lilia-san. Let’s go out to eat at noon.”

 “I understand.”

 A smile that looked as if she had seen through everything.

 It’s a little embarrassing really.

 But, it doesn’t matter this late in the game.

 While holding both Eris’s and Sylphy’s hands, I head towards the children's room.

 When I slowly opened the door, 4 kids could be seen sleeping peacefully.

 Lucy, Lara, Ars, Sieg.

 And as if to protect them, Leo was curled up at the entrance of the room.

 In the middle of the fight, I got worried about the house many times.

 But contrary to my anxiousness, the children were in peace. Perhaps some kind of fight took place in my absence and Leo protected them all……

 Anyhow, after confirming the health of the children, I slowly closed the door.

 Continuing from there, I descended down the stairs and headed towards Roxy’s room.

 I knocked as part of my manners.

 “……Coming.”

 After a few seconds, there was a reply.

 When the door was opened, the half-asleep Roxy saw me.

 She had bed hair and there were traces of drool below her lips.

 “Ah……Rudi. Welcome back.”

 “I’m back, Roxy. I was thinking about taking a day off today, how about it?”

 After looking blankly, she caught hold of the meaning of “day off”.

 While playing with her bangs of her bed hair with her finger, she blushed slightly.

 “I won’t mind, but……”

 Among the two women on my left and right hand sides, she looked at one of them.

 “Is Eris alright with it?”

 I looked at Eris.

 With a slightly puzzled look, her face was becoming reddish.

 “I was going to ask her now.”

 I faced Eris.

 “Eris, I want to go to bed with all four of us like this, is that fine?”

 When I asked, Eris seemed to have understood what I was trying to do.

 Her face became even redder and she pouted.

 If she wasn’t holding me like this, she would’ve taken her usual pose.

 “If Rudeus wants to no matter what, then……”

 Sorry Eris.

 I want to reward myself today a little.

 I want to say goodbye to the abstinent Rudeus.

 “Thank you.”

 I thanked her.

 I didn’t say this to just Eris because she had given me permission.

 I said this in regards to all the three that have supported me until now.

 I thanked that no one went missing after the end of battle.

 Gisu and Badigadi said that this was the end.

 That Hitogami would no longer interfere with me.

 Of course, I shouldn’t believe those words.

 As long as Hitogami lives, he would be considered my enemy.

 But let’s just take a day off for today.

 So that I can work with more energy tomorrow, so that the day passes calmly.

 So that I can still keep on laughing──

 Just kidding.

 I just want to have some sexy time.

 Now then, from today onwards, the ban on Rudeus will be lifting up.

 While thinking that, I headed towards the bedroom, three women in tow.

 ―○●○―

 Volume 23 - Young Man Period - Decisive Battle Chapter ─ The End ─

 Author's Q&A

 Q. That was a good finale. Thank you very much.

 A. Thank you very much as well.

 Q. Why didn’t Gisu assumed the possibility of fire magic at all? Did he thought that it would be strange which resulted weak defense only towards fire magic?

 A. Rudeus mostly used water and earth magic when it was necessary so his defense against fire and wind magic was weak.

 The question why he didn’t completely defend himself against all types was because he simply couldn’t carry that much weight.

 Q. On Kishirika’s request he wasn’t killed so that means there’s a way to kill him?

 A. The immortal demon race are only humans who can’t die, that’s why if some way or another they die it wouldn’t be strange.

 Q. I’ve asked this before but you didn’t answer so I'm asking this question again. I’m sorry if it‘s a question that’s hard to answer but……

 It’s a question regarding mana.

 If Our Great Highness President Orsted opened the Dragon Gate and Mr. Rudeus with his full mana tank stood in front of it and fired away magic at it ceaselessly which in turn would charge President’s mana, would he not like to recover his mana that way?

 A. I feel like I’ve answered this question before but it’s not possible for me to answer twice.

 The sucked up mana will only charge the gate in the end, in the midst of battle it could be useful to lower ma-na consumption but there aren’t any other advantages.

 Also, that technique has conditions like the enemy shouldn’t be able to move or it should be used indoors or in a narrow path, if not the enemy can get out of it’s effective range.

 Q. As the story progresses, there’s a saying that characters can easily move like they have a will of their own contrary to author’s intention, did something like this happen in your experience, Magnote-sensei?

 Something like even though you thought this way but Eris still jumped in to save Rudeus.

 Or just when you made Rudeus alone he was rolled up by anxiousness and as a result became cautious.

 A. Just when you thought that he was alone, he was rolled up by anxiousness, that thing happens a lot really. LOL

 Q. Did Jino become a Sword God in other loops as well? Or was it just in this loop?

 A. Probably just in this loop.

 Q. A one punch weapon that makes you naked similar to Dragon King Sword, which one would be a more powerful weapon?

 A. Obviously the Dragon king Sword.

 However, that’s one perfected weapon, depending on the situations or it’s genericness and augmentability, and in the case it’s declared a winner against the Magic Armor.

 Q. Judging from President’s words “I assume that you'll have no excuses when you lose with both?”, does that mean he was able to come up with an excuse in an previous loop? LOL

 A. Alek who held the Dragon King Sword was somehow or another powerful.

 He’s tenacious and doesn’t hesitate.

 That’s why whenever he defeated Alek in his previous loops, he was prepared from the beginning to let go of the sword or do something else. So the President could win and Alek had an excuse.

 Q. >>However, Badigadi wasn’t alluding that one bit.

 I feel like he quickly hinted something after that, was there a need for that previous statement like that I wonder.

 A. I’ve written the part before that where it states that “ended up using Orsted’s mana”

 They couldn’t meet the winning conditions but wasn’t it a victory?

 Or so Rudeus thought but Badigadi wasn’t hinting at the winning or losing conditions but he thought “No, I thought that Hitogami had lost so you guys should’ve won.”

 I’ll go ahead and rewrite it a little.

 Q. It would’ve been nice if the President could be supplied mana from Rudeus, just like in Highschool DxD.

 A. Yeah, it would’ve been nice if it could.

 Q. Rudi, who had huge mana reserves similar to Laplace, used all of it to the point of exhaustion. Although he wasn’t even able to fight Orsted by doing that then I wonder just how Laplace was able to blow off half of the entire continent.

 A. Laplace knew how to properly implement his magic, he had something like Final Secret arts of Magic. And so you can think like that.

 Q. Even though Rudi’s mana, which was similar in amount to Laplace’s, was exhausted by wearing the Magic Armor and yet the Fighting God Armor worn by Badigadi which had anti-magic, restoration and other gim-micks like that was able to work for days at end, and yet the mana didn’t run out I wonder why. I feel like it would be difficult to explain it with just the fuel consumption as the basis for both.

 A. First of all the Magic Armor is a counterfeit of the Fighting God Armor.

 The Fighting God Armor was the crystallization of Laplace’s 10,000 years of research and study, it’s not neces-sary that Hitogami or Orsted would know every principle behind it.

 Q. Are there no problem for Alek to not be using the Kajakuto just like always? I also think that especially sealing his hands wasn’t important.

 A. Alek might think “It’s no-good if I kept relying on this sword.”

 Q. As expected, the way of thinking of going to bed in a harem situation just like Rudeus is uncommon in that world.

 A. Rather than the world, wouldn’t it better to say the thinking of the common man or perhaps each country. At the very least, Sylphy doesn’t think it’s uncommon.

 Q. I re-read from Tuning Point 2 but the President was hated by Ruijerd which made him feel considerably dejected, just how much were they getting along until this loop?

 A. At the very least, even if there’s the objective of defeating Laplace, to the point of loaning out his beloved daughter.

 Q. The President's documents which were written in Dragon language were now buried under the rubble but I can’t help but feel that there was naming list for the Magic Armor written inside it that was quickly rejected by Rudeus or a list of names for Rudi’s children when the time comes for consulting those names.

 A. The buried notes of the dark past!

 Q. Would the new office be constructed somewhere else than the usual place?

 A. Yes. The construction of the new office and removal of the debris of old office are progressing simultane-ously.

 Q. I always wondered just how Badigadi was able to play Gandhara, why he knew about such music in such a world. If someone is teleported in any time axis then could he be the reincarnation of Nanahoshi’s boyfriend who were teleported off together, or was it someone important in the after story that would make his ap-pearance. I know these are all wild ideas but still I wonder what it was.

 A. It only sounded the same rhythm as that song.

 He didn’t know the song itself, and it seemed clumsy as well.

 Q. It suddenly hit me, why wasn’t the Dark King chased by the Death God?

 Did the Dark King asked Hitogami to not tell about his whereabouts to Death God?

 A. It’s a somewhat soft topic.

 Q. How much level has Perugius-sama attained in other places like healing or attack classes?

 A. He’s somewhat Saint Rank.

 For Barriers and Summoning, he’s God class.

 Q. Isn’t it unreasonable for the President to not fight?

 A. At first Rudeus declared that “I won’t let President fight this time! He shouldn’t be allowed to fight!” but after looking at the situation deteriorate he thought “I guess I have no choice but to rely on President.”

 During Badigadi’s fight there were only『The result turned out better than predicted.』 & 『Mistook when to retreat.』 but he planned to entrust the rest to President if the MK. Zero hadn’t arrived, or so it was.

 Q. Even though Badigadi said that he’ll think about becoming an ally but didn’t?

 “He didn’t think that he would be a character like “When I said I’ll think about it, I’ll only think!”

 A. No, Badigadi is that type of character.

 The lying Badigadi.

 The type of person who would say “FUAHAHAHA, that was a lie!”

 Q. If he has used up 50% of MP overall this time, and add to that the previous times he used it, then there’s only around 30% left is it?

 Did he not splurge too much and had become like the 7th rank of the world powers?

 Does that mean he will now rely on the fighting force’s weight for the most part?

 A. He will be relying most of the time on the weight of fighting force, yes.

 Q. As one who has joined the Roxy religion, I would’ve liked it if I could get my hands on those 1/10 size figu-rines if they were selling, you know? LOL.

 A. It looks like there was a person who was making it. I wonder what would have happened!

 Q. I’m looking forward to the final chapter. If the book is translated then just how many volumes would it take?

 A. Won’t it take 24 volumes?

 Q. >Atofe’s crew

 As the Atofe Pirates it seems they would come back after conquering the Grand Line. LOL

 A. Come on board and bring along~~ ?~?

 All your hopes and dreams.~ ?~?

 Together we will find everything~ ?~?

 That we’re looking for(Atofe who has been swept away by the sea).~ ?~?

 Q. Magonote-san, please write a postscript about the warriors that were KIA that fought for Atofe!

 A. That so.

 I’ll append some.

 Q. How did Atofe’s father die? Or did he perish? I am curious about that part.

 A. There’s some kind of way to do that.

 Q. Even though the Second Generation Dragon God Laplace was able to tear apart the Fighting God into two it was strange that the Dragon God was at the second place and the Fighting God at third. Were they able to get tied by a narrow margin?

 A. In the first place, the rankings came into existence after the fight.

 Q. So it was the Quagmire, I thought he would’ve become some other kind of God or an unusual God.

 Would you please explain how the monument carves the nicknames of the acknowledged people?

 A. Only the marks are carved onto the monument.

 The word 『Quagmire』 was only because Rudeus always called himself “I’m Rudeus of the Quagmire!”.

 Q. The setting that even after wearing the Fighting God armor only His Majesty Badi was able to rise until the 3rd rank is contradictory to the information that came from this work so far.

 I’m glad about the contents, only this thing is regrettable.

 A. Fighting God Armor has a will of its own.

 Unlike humans, it doesn’t have a head of its own, and even if it’s more or less destroyed, that consciousness won’t disappear.

 That’s why it shouldn’t be contradictory.

 Q. Ah right, is Mushoku Tensei as a series is a type of Prologue story or is it some kind of opening setting?

 Ah, but might the Second Human Demon War be the beginning?

 A. All in all, it would probably be in the center of it all. It will become the start of the endgame at the very least.

 Maybe the fight between Hitogami and the founding Dragon God would be the prologue.

 Q. Could it that you're a blue-haired loli girl with sleepy-like reproachful eyes, Magonote-san?

 A. As a matter of fact, yes.

 Once in a while the Magonote you see in events and such things like that is actually a familiar summoned by me.

 Q. The hero named Golden Knight Aldebaran, according to one theory it’s said that that human was the Hu-man God. → In the end just who is he?

 A. It’s still unknown just who is Aldebaran. However, he seems to have worn the Fighting God Armor.

 Q. When the Conclusion Volume is over:

 『Take a holiday for a while from writing activity or retire』

 『Start an entirely different story』

 『Start a story with a different MC in the Mushoku Tensei world』

 『Nothing is decided yet』

 『Secret』

 Which one would it be?

 A. While focusing on the published version, I’ll sluggishly write out Redundancy Chapter.

 After that, 『Start an entirely different story』 or 『Start a story with a different MC in the Mushoku Tensei world』 .

 If I got tired when writing and lost all motivation then 『Take a holiday for a while from writing activity or re-tire』 .

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
