Volume 3  5 — Three Days to the Nearest Town

Volume 3 Chapter 5 - Three Days to the Nearest Town

 

 Part 1

 Next Day.

 "Good morning."

 When we were leaving the village, Robin started a conversation with me.

 It seems he will be standing near the gate again today.

 "Good morning, are you guarding the gate again today?"

 "Ah, at least until the guys who went out to hunt come back."

 Come to think of it, even after last night the men never returned.

 If that's the case, could it be he was standing out here all night long?

 It reminds me of the guards in an RPG.

 A simple job where you just stand there, whether it's morning, afternoon, or night.

 Nevertheless, I wonder if he is the only guard that stands here until they come back.

 Ah, the village chief is here as well.

 Since it's this kind of village, the chief probably works quite a bit as well.

 "Are you already going to leave?"

 "Yes, we wrapped up everything in the conversation last night."

 "Though, I still wanted to talk about my daughter?"

 "I really want to do that, but we can't afford to take our time out here."

 "Is that so?"

 Unfortunately, that is the case.

 I especially wanted to hear more about Roxy's childhood.

 "After I'm back I'll try getting into contact again."

 "I'll leave it to you."

 After lowering my head, I wrote it in the memo of my heart to not forget the next time I meet Roxy.

 "Ah, that's right, wait here just a moment."

 It seemed like Robin just remembered something and ran back into the village.

 After going into a certain house (most likely Roxy's house), several minutes later.

 He returned with a girl who looks a lot like Roxy.

 If you just wanted to call someone out, you could have just used telepathy is what I was thinking, but he seemed to be holding a sword.

 I wonder if he's going to give it to me.

 "This is my wife."

 "I'm Rokari."

 She seems to be Roxy's mother.

 "I'm Rudeus Greyrat. You are quite young."

 If it weren't for these people, I would never have been able to leave my house.

 When I think that, my head seems to naturally lower into a bow before them.

 "That can't be, young? This year I'm already 102 years old."

 "That…that's still quite young."

 Incidentally.

 It seems the Migurd race stop growing at their adult height when they are around 10 years old and from there only start to grow older again around 150 years old.

 "Roxy sensei looked after me quite a bit."

 "Sensei? For that child to be teaching people, I wonder if something happened."

 "She taught me about a lot of things I didn't know."

 I laughed and said that, Rokari while blushing while saying "I see!"

 I wonder if there's some sort of misunderstanding.

 "However, it's great that you came right around the time I was the guard."

 "That's right. It's really great we met. Roxy sensei really did take very good care of me. Since that is the case, would it be alright if I were to call you father-in-law?"

 "Hawwa wa? Please stop that."

 He rejected me with a serious look.

 It was a bit of a shock.

 However, his serious face look is a bit like Roxy and is quite nostalgic.

 "Putting aside the jokes, please take this."

 After saying that Robin handed me the sword he was holding.

 "Even if Ruijerd is with you, if you're unarmed then it must make you feel uneasy."

 "I'm not really unarmed though?"

 While saying that I had already accepted it and drawn the sword from the scabbard.

 A wide single sided blade.

 The edge was 60 centimeters or so, on the small side.

 It seemed to have a bit of a curved blade.

 A machete? No, it's closer to a cutlass.

 I can tell there are scratches all over showing it's long years in use, but the blade isn't damaged at all.

 It appears to be well taken care of, the blade is beautiful, but I feel something like killing intent seeping out from it.

 The entire thing appears to be dark grey, but when it reflects light it has a bit of an emerald green glow shining out.

 "In the past, I received it from a blacksmith who stopped by in the village for a while. It's so sturdy that it hasn't rusted a

 bit even after many years of use. If it's alright with you, please use it."

 "I will gratefully accept it."

 No need to hold myself back here.

 This isn't a situation I can hold back in.

 It's better to take whatever I am offered.

 Putting myself aside, it's pitiful if Eris is unarmed.

 She uses the Sword God style as well.

 If she has at least one sword then it should help her feel a bit at ease.

 "Then take this money as well. It's nothing great but it should get you two or three days stay at an inn."

 Yay, an allowance.

 After opening the bag I found a coin that was roughly carved out of stone and another coin made out of dark grey metal in it.

 If I recall right, the currency used in the Magic Continent are small green coins, iron coins, scrap iron coins, and stone coins, these four types.

 In terms of value they are the worlds lowest, even the most valuable small green coins are only about the same value as 1 of Asura Kingdoms large copper coins.

 Iron coins are the same value as the common copper coins of Asura.

 Incidentally, if you were to convert Asura Kingdom and Magic Continents currency into Japanese Yen it would give you an even lower impression.

 The very cheapest stone coins are one yen.

 = = = = = =========================

 Asura Gold Coin - 100,000 Yen ($1,000 USD)

 Asura Silver Coin - 10,000 Yen ($100 USD)

 Asura Large Copper Coin - 1,000 Yen ($10 USD)

 Asura Copper Coin - 100 Yen ($1 USD)

 Small Green Coin - 1,000 Yen ($10 USD)

 Iron Coin - 100 Yen ($1 USD)

 Scrap Iron Coin - 10 Yen (10 Cents)

 Stone Coin - 1 Yen (1 Cent)

 = = = = = =========================

 They are numbers that will tell you how great of a world power the Asura Kingdom is and how harsh of a place the Magic Continent is with a single look.

 Although, the Magic Continent has its own market prices for goods.

 Therefore, the magic races aren't really as poor as they may seem.

 "Thank you very much."

 "I really would have liked to take the time to have a good long talk about Roxy."

 Rokari and Robin both said roughly the same thing.

 After all, they're probably quite worried about their daughter.

 She may be 44 years old, but if you convert her age to human values she's only about 20 years old.

 If you call it worry, it's definitely concerning.

 "If you want, we could probably stay for at least another day."

 I made that suggestion, but Robin shook his head.

 "It's fine. Now that I know she's safe. Right?"

 "Yes. That child really couldn't handle living very well in this village."

 She couldn't handle living very well here.

 I guess that would be because of that one telepathy problem.

 In the village you basically can't hear any conversation.

 Everyone is silent.

 I guess they are all talking with telepathy.

 Roxy said she was unable to use or hear this telepathy.

 If you can't talk to others and can't hear the conversations of those around you, that would certainly make you want to run away from home.

 "I understand. Then, let us meet again someday."

 "Ah, but, please excuse me from being your father-in-law?"

 "A wa wa… of… of course."

 He completely hammered the matter down.

 I don't know if I'll ever see Roxy again, but eventually I'll return to pay back this money at the very least.

 Part 2

 It will supposedly take at least three days of walking to reach the nearest town.

 On the first day I immediately realized how much of a necessity Ruijerd was.

 I'm glad he became our ally.

 Since Ruijerd has spent a long time traveling alone, he knows all of the routes, and his preparation for camping outside is perfect.

 Of course, he also has the living organism radar so keeping watch is his own forte.

 This person is way too useful.

 "If possible, could you please teach us a bit?"

 "What will you do after learning?"

 "We will make ourselves useful."

 For that reason these next three days Eris and I set out on the path of camping mastery under the teachings of Ruijerd.

 "First off is the campfire. However, there are no trees to be found for campfires on the Magic Continent."

 Hmm.

 Come to think of it, the first time we met Ruijerd there was a campfire.

 "Then what do we do about it?"

 "Hunt monsters."

 On the magic Continent anything and everything leads up to hunting monsters to get by in the end.

 "There's one nearby just in time. Hold on just a minute."

 "Whoa, wait just a moment."

 I grabbed onto Ruijerd's shoulder and stopped him.

 "What is it?"

 "Do you plan to fight alone?"

 "Ah. Hunting is the job of a warrior. Children wait here."

 I see.

 It seems like Ruijerd was planning to keep going like this from here on out.

 Well, for someone who is over 500 years old like Ruijerd, putting aside children we would be even younger than grandchildren.

 Furthermore, Ruijerd is insanely strong.

 Even if we just left it to him we would probably be fine.

 However, if the worst case ever happens.

 If for some reason or other Ruijerd is unable to move.

 Otherwise in the case where if he were to die.

 Eris and I with almost no actual combat experience would be left alone.

 That could happen inside of a deep forest.

 It could happen in front of a brutal monster.

 In order to prepare for that time we should start gaining combat experience now.

 Therefore, we need him to start teaching us how to fight the monsters.

 No, that way of thinking about it isn't good.

 Our relationship is Give and Take.

 An equal relationship.

 We aren't going to have him teach us how to fight, we're going to construct a method to coordinate our fights together.

 "We aren't children."

 "No, you're children."

 "Listen here, Ruijerd."

 I called out to him in a strong tone.

 It seems he has misunderstood the situation a bit.

 It won't be good if we don't state our standing clearly.

 Neither side is above the either here.

 "We will help you and you will help us. Even though our motives are different we will fight together as allies and as equal warriors."

 Then I stare into Ruijerd's eyes.

 With as stern of a face as possible.

 Several tens of seconds passed.

 Ruijerd came to a conclusion quickly.

 "I understand. You're a warrior."

 It was an "Oh my, what am I going to do with you" sort of feeling.

 However, for now we've cut the guardian relationship and can take part in dangerous practice.

 "Obviously, Eris will be fighting as well, right?"

 "Of…Of course!"

 Eris was staring with a bit of a blank face but she nodded as well.

 Alright this is fine, good girl.

 "Now then, Ruijerd-san. Please lead us to the monster."

 The time for acting strong is over.

 After all when it comes to negotiations you have to get your point across strongly.

 Part 3

 The first opponent we came across was a monster called Stone Treant.

 If you were to put it into a single word, Treants are a type of tree monster.

 Trees that suck up magic power, turn into some sort of variation then attack people.

 People bundle all beings of that nature into what they call Treants.

 Even though it is known as a tree monster there a number of classifications and roughly two divergences.

 First the type that has been confirmed all over the world, Lesser Treants.

 This is when a sapling undergoes changes, continues to camouflage as a tree, and starts attacking people.

 They are weak and slow, even a common young man wielding an axe could defeat it with no training at all.

 Then there are the Elder Treants, trees that absorb magic power and nutrients from fairy springs in great forests then undergo changes.

 Thanks to the overwhelmingly dense amount of magic power that is in a fairy spring, they gain the ability to use water magic.

 In the case that a massive tree changes, Older Treant.

 In the case that a dead tree changes, Zombie Treant.

 On and on.

 There are a lot of classifications but fundamentally they have the form of trees and attack whatever is nearby.

 If you defeat the body and leave the seed, they will just keep multiplying on their own.

 This behavior pattern doesn't change.

 However, this Stone Treant is a bit of unique classification.

 Of all things it mimics a rock.

 I'm sure you're wondering how in the world a tree does that.

 There's nothing strange about it at all.

 Stone Treants turn into monsters from the time they are still seeds.

 Normally they appear to be giant seeds, then when people get nearby they change into trees in an instant and attack.

 Even though they are still seeds, it's not like they are as easy to discern as seeds from a Sunflower.

 They appear just like rocks sitting around here and there, rough and round around the edges.

 The thing they look the closest like would probably be a potato.

 "Do you have any points that we need to be aware of when fighting?"

 "Rudeus, you are a magician right?"

 "Yes."

 "If that's the case, then don't use fire."

 "It doesn't work?"

 "If you burn it then it won't work as fire wood."

 "I understand now."

 "Don't use water either."

 "If it gets wet it will become difficult to use as fire wood?"

 "That's right."

 I see.

 Ruijerd sees this monster as nothing but fire wood.

 "Then we'll give fighting it a try with just Eris and I. If Eris gets into a dangerous situation please save her."

 "Is there any purpose in not having me fight?"

 "For the time being it's because you don't know how Eris and I fight. After that, Ruijerd-san will fight alone and we can use that as

 a reference."

 "Understood."

 Then for that reason.

 Eris is the vanguard and I'm the rearguard is the shape we ended up fighting.

 I need to be careful of Eris' skill with the sword from here on out.

 I don't feel really good about sending the cute, cute Eris out as the vanguard.

 However, she wouldn't be very useful protecting from the inside.

 She can't really match up with other people very well after all.

 Also, taking the chance to say it, we don't need Ruijerd as support either.

 Therefore, Eris is free to fight as she wishes while Ruijerd and I support.

 That sort of shape seems to be the most desired.

 "Then Eris, I'll hit with a single attack from long range, then you go in while it's weakened and beat it down. For the most part I'll be saying out loud the name of the magic I'm going to use, when you hear that try to avoid getting in the way of it."

 "I understand."

 Eris took out the sword she just got and gave it a good swing to confirm the condition, then nodded ready to go.

 Quite a bit of fighting spirit.

 Alright I'm ready with my staff.

 Fire and water are no good.

 Going off the shape, wind doesn't seem like it would be very effective, so I'll go with earth.

 I'm strong with earth.

 After all, I've made a ton of figures with it.

 However, this will be the first time I've ever faced a monster with it.

 Let's go all out for the first time.

 "Fuuu"

 One deep breath.

 Gathering the magic power in my hands.

 An operation that I've done many tens of thousands of times.

 In my current condition, even if my legs were to be cut off I could still use magic.

 "Alright."

 Creation. Rock Bullet model.

 Hardness. As hard as possible.

 Transformation. The tip of the shell with be flat with a small indentation in the center and the sides will have some notches.

 Variation. High speed rotation.

 Size. A little bit larger than a fist.

 Speed. As fast as possible.

 "Rock Bullet, Stone Cannon!"

 There was a loud noise from the tip of the staff and the rock bullet went flying.

 The rock bullet flew almost level with the ground at an amazing speed and impacted with the Stone Treant still in its camouflaged form.

 [Bang]

 A noise loud enough to make you cover your ears rang out and the Treant was blown into pieces.

 Eris started running at the same time the bullet was fired off, but she stopped her feet at the same time it hit.

 Then she started glaring at me.

 "What was that about weakening! Do you want me to cut a corpse?!"

 "So…Sorry, this is the first time so I don't know how to hold back."

 "Jeez!"

 After having water thrown on our very first battle together, Eris was raging mad.

 However, I couldn't imagine that it would die in a single hit.

 Normally I would arrange Rock Bullets with a Hollow Point.

 As expected of something I took from the example of my previous world, the idea was quite dirty.

 Then I felt Ruijerd staring in my direction.

 "Is that staff a magic item?"

 He was staring at my staff.

 "No, it's just a normal staff. Though, the materials it's made of are rather expensive it seems."

 "Even though you didn't use any Magic Circles or Incantations?"

 "If I don't use it without incantations then I can't make variations to the bullets shape."

 "I see."

 Ruijerd went silent.

 Even though he has lived for 500 years it seems voiceless incantations are rare even here.

 "Then, is that your greatest magic?"

 "No, I can make the bullet explode on impact as well."

 "It seems like it would be better not to use your magic when your allies are nearby."

 "That seems to be the case."

 That was the first time I had ever hit something with it, but the destructive power exceeded my expectations.

 Even if it just grazed it would probably be instant death.

 It would be good if there was some kind of magic that I could use for support, but probably because I've always fought alone I can't think of anything.

 I wonder how do the magicians in this world fight.

 "Ruijerd-san, what kind of movements would be best to support when fighting with magic?"

 "I don't know, I've never fought together with a magician."

 Well, Ruijerd is a Superd race with a long history.

 He probably has no need to try and copy other parties.

 I'll just think about how to coordinate our movements from here on out.

 For now let's just think about gaining some actual combat experience.

 "I'm sorry for the trouble, but could you once more search for an enemy?"

 "Ah, but, before that we have something to do."

 "Something to do?"

 Is he going to pray for the killed opponent or something?

 "Gathering firewood. It's scattered around quite a bit after all."

 I used wind magic to gather up all the fire wood.

 Part 4

 After that, until the sun went down we got into four more battles while moving.

 Stone Treant, Great Tortoise, Acid Wolf, Pack Coyotes.

 Ruijerd finished off the Great Land King, Great Tortoise in a single attack.

 It was a single attack directly on to the crown of its head.

 A very smart and simple fighting style.

 This is the skill of a man who has always fought monsters solo for 500 years.

 I started to feel a bit embarrassed for feeling good about destroying a Stone Treant in a single hit.

 Acid Wolf is a wolf that has acid coming out of its mouth.

 There was only one so Eris defeated it.

 She sent its head flying in a single cut while stepping in to attack at sharp speed.

 If you were to compare it to Ruijerd it would be rough, but it's still a single hit.

 Eris was covered directly in the blood that came out and made a bitter face.

 I was thinking if it breathes acid then its blood might be dangerous as well, but it seems to be alright.

 If this is how it is on the first combat experience then it's plenty.

 Incidentally, the second Stone Treant was sent to an instant death by me as well.

 I had intended to weaken the magic quite a bit when I used it, but the control is difficult.

 Just enough to deal some damage but not enough power to kill it.

 I wanted to get Eris some actual combat experience, but all my magic is too powerful so it ends too fast.

 Until I can properly adjust the magic it seems like it's better if I don't aim any towards people.

 Unless it's a situation where I have no choice but to kill I don't want to see something like a splatter movie.

 Currently.

 We are in battle with a herd of Pack Coyotes.

 Pack Coyotes gather together into groups exceeding several tens of individuals.

 It's not like they are always in a herd.

 They sometimes split off individually.

 Though it's not like they just keep increasing in number while fighting either.

 They separate once every couple of months, increase individually, then one of them creates a pack and becomes the leader.

 Just like that they keep increasing in number.

 Even if you defeat them one after another, the leader will just keep switching as they are defeated and the battle will continue.

 Numbers are power.

 Just the fact that they can control such a herd so well makes them quite strong monsters.

 Twenty Pack Coyotes.

 It's such a number that an average adventurer would lose their life if they fought.

 Eris is swinging her sword while learning all sorts of things from Ruijerd.

 It seems she's having quite a bit of fun learning from him.

 Even though today was Eris's first actual combat experience she doesn't seem to be bothered by it.

 She continues to cut down one Pack Coyote after another with a confident expression as if to say it's only obvious with all the practice she does.

 She has absolutely no hesitation to cut down living things it seems.

 Well, I knew she wasn't such a sweet young girl since quite a while back.

 I just continued to watch.

 If it ever came down to it I thought about jumping in to support, but with Ruijerd supporting there was no place for me.

 If I had done something it would have most likely just caused more problems than it fixed.

 Nevertheless, I feel bored.

 I feel so left out.

 I need to quickly think up some sort of good formation.

 However, Eris is quite strong after all.

 In the end, she did make it to Advanced level of the Sword God style just before my birthday.

 Recently I've felt that I can't win at all without magic.

 If we're talking about Advanced then it's the same skill level as Paul.

 Even though I say that Paul should still be stronger with Advanced level in Water God style and North God styles as well.

 There's also the difference in actual combat experience.

 Although Ghyslaine did say Eris has more talent than Paul.

 I'm sure she'll eventually overtake him.

 In your face Paul.

 "Rudeus! Over here!"

 Ruijerd called out to me.

 Before I realized it the Pack Coyotes were annihilated.

 "We can sell the fur from Pack Coyotes. We'll skin them. We have quite the good luck for there to be this many of them."

 Ruijerd said that while taking out a knife.

 In his mind the fact that there was a larger number just meant that the spoils were greater.

 "Please hold on just a minute."

 After saying that to Ruijerd I approached Eris.

 "Hah……hah…"

 After skinning her third fur Eris' breathing was starting to become disturbed.

 It wasn't even five minutes of battle in terms of time, but Ruijerd was only acting as support, almost all of them were defeated by Eris.

 Obviously it would tire you out.

 "Oh merciful mother of gods, please heal this one's wounds, and let her recover with a healthy body, Healing."

 For the time being I healed her wounds.

 "Thank you."

 "Are you alright?"

 "Hnnhn, too easy!"

 While laughing proudly her face was covered in spilled blood so she wiped it off on her sleeve.

 However, Eris was really calm even though it was her first battle.

 I wonder if it's a natural disposition.

 Just the smell of blood makes me feel like I'm going to vomit.

 "Too easy, huh. Today is your first real combat experience, right?"

 "There's no difference. It's all the same as Ghyslaine taught me."

 Practice like it's the real thing.

 The real thing is like it's practice. Or something like that.

 Since Eris is honest, whether it's practice or the real thing she can put out 100% it seems.

 Even if you do as you practiced and blood comes spraying out there's no real difference.

 "Really now."

 I returned to where Ruijerd was while wearing a bitter smile.

 He had just been watching our exchange.

 "What do you intend to do by making Eris fight?"

 "It's not like she's always going to be protected by me. When the time comes she needs to be able to protect herself."

 "I see."

 "Speaking of which, Ruijerd-san. How was Eris' skill?"

 I asked that while skinning the fur in the way I was taught.

 Ruijerd nodded.

 "If she trains with diligence she will become a first class warrior."

 "Really?! Yay!"

 Eris was jumping up and down. So ecstatic.

 I guess it would make you feel pretty happy if you were praised by a historic hero.

 That wasn't too bad for me as well.

 If Ruijerd recognizes her talent.

 From here on out it will be easy to come up with formations we can do.

 "Ruijerd-san, from here on out what do you think about Eris taking the vanguard and I will be the rearguard, that sort of formation?"

 "What would it be good for me to do?"

 "Cover the middle ground. Please, freely move around as you see fit and cover our blind spots. Then, if anything dangerous happens, give out orders."

 "Understood."

 Just like this the formation was decided.

 In several days of time Eris and I gradually built up our combat experience.

 Part 5

 As well as camping.

 Dinner was meat from the Great Land King Turtles.

 There was too much to eat so more than half was turned into dried meat under Ruijerd's instruction.

 Great Land King Turtle Meat.

 Putting it quite frankly, it's not good at all.

 It's quite raw tasting and hard.

 Supposedly it's something that you cook for a long period.

 However, Ruijerd grilled it in the fastest possible way.

 Grilled by the campfire.

 Speaking of campfire, when the Stone Treants die they gradually dry up.

 For that reason they can be quite useful for drying clothes as well as making the campfire.

 I think I understand now why Ruijerd doesn't see that monster as anything but fire wood.

 "??"

 In any case, this meat is terrible.

 Who was it that said the meat from these turtles was good.

 Ruijerd it was you.

 This kind of meat is hard to eat unless you use spices or something to take away the smell.

 Ah, I want to eat beef.

 I want to eat rice and beef.

 There were these lines in a manga I read in my previous life.

 "Fried meat is great. Great because it's good."

 The reality of those words reveal how there's nothing great at all about fried meat that doesn't taste good.

 Remembering back to it, the meals in Asura Kingdom were good.

 The meals were usually centered around bread, but meat, fish, vegetables, and dessert were all like a three star restaurant.

 If someone like me born in the middle of nowhere is like this, Eris is probably feeling it pretty hard with her upbringing.

 While I was thinking that she was eating them right and left with no problems at all.

 "This works surprisingly well."

 Lies…

 No, this is that, isn't it.

 A child who has only ever eaten the best of food one day finally gets to eat junk food and feels it's delicious.

 "What is it?"

 "No, nothing, is it good?"

 "Yeah! I always wanted to try something like this."

 It seems like after hearing stories from Ghyslaine she always longed to grill meat by a campfire and eat it.

 She's admiring some really strange points.

 "It can still be eaten if it's raw."

 After hearing Ruijerd's words Eris's eyes were sparkling.

 "Please stop."

 I desperately tried to stop Eris who had put some into her mouth ready to try it out.

 What are you going to do if there's a parasite in it, really?

 Part 6

 Just before we were going to sleep Ruijerd taught Eris how to manage repairs on the sword.

 For the most part I was listening to it as well.

 Although, the spear that Ruijerd uses isn't even made of metal and the sword Eris is using is made of a special kind of metal that won't rust either way.

 However, repairs are a necessity it seems.

 If you just leave the blood on it as it is not only does it attract monsters, but the cutting ability goes down a bit.

 Even more so, if you're a warrior you need to be able to take care of your weapon yourself.

 Or so Ruijerd was telling us.

 "Come to think of it, what is that spear made out of?"

 Since I just thought of it I asked that question.

 The Superd race's 3 pronged spears.

 It's a pure white spear.

 There were no ornaments, the blade and grip seemed to be one individual piece.

 "It's me."

 "Wha?"

 "Superd make their spear from their soul."

 It was a philosophical answer.

 I see I see, I understand now.

 That's the case I guess, life is in other words your soul.

 The spear is your soul, life.

 Life in other words Heart.

 Heart in other words Love.

 I guess it means that spear is filled with Ruijerd's love.

 "Superd race have a spear from the time they are born."

 While I was in the midst of confusion Ruijerd started to teach me about it.

 It seems from the time the Superd race are born they have a three pronged tail.

 Then as they grow taller it grows with them, around the age they start to walk it hardens and then separates from their body.

 Even after it separates from their body they can use it as if it were a part of their whole, the more they use it the sharper it becomes.

 Never breaking, able to crush anything, the ability to pierce through any number of things, the strongest spear.

 Or supposedly that is how it is supposed to go, depending on the individual in question.

 "Therefore, until we die we don't let go of our spears."

 That was the face of a man remembering his mistake from 400 years ago.

 Most likely his spear was far harder and sharper than any other of the Superd race.

 How dependable.

 However, that sort of thinking is not very good you know?

 To be stubborn, is to be unwilling to accept others.

 If you are unable to accept others then it means others will be unable to accept you.

 That way of thinking is dangerous.

 ---

 In no time at all three days had passed and we arrived at the town.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
