Volume 3  6 — Disguise and Infiltration

Volume 3 Chapter 6 - Disguise and Infiltration

 

 Part 1

 The Town of Rikaris.

 One of the Magic Continents Three Great Towns.

 The town that the Great Demon Emperor Kishirika Kishirisu used as a headquarters during the Great Human-Demon war.

 Another name is Old Kishirisu Castle.

 The first thing that those who see this town are surprised by is the location of it.

 Of all things, it was built right in the center of a giant crater.

 The crater acts a natural wall, no matter how many times enemies attack it will never fall.

 Even now this naturally occurring barrier is still preventing monsters from invading.

 In the center of the town is the partially destroyed Kishirisu Castle.

 This castle was destroyed during the Laplace Campaign era.

 It still proudly shows traces of the battle between the Kishirika Faction Demon King of that era and the Demon God Laplace.

 Truly reliable outer walls, and a black gold castle with the shadow of its glorious past.

 Those two icons tell tales of the past Great Demon Emperors' authority, and of the struggles of the Demon Races people.

 The town of Rikaris is an honest town filled with history.

 And finally, travelers should wait until night to behold the true beauty of this town.

 - Excerpt from the book [Walking the World] by Adventurer Bloody Count

 Part 2

 That is my knowledge of the place known as the Town of Rikarisu.

 There are three entrances to the town.

 A tear straight down the crater is one of them.

 The crater is very high, unless you can fly through the sky it seems all other entrances are difficult to get in through.

 Then, the second entrance has two guards.

 In other words this town's security is strict.

 I look at Ruijerd.

 "What do we do?"

 I remember the conversation from the Migurd race's village.

 "Ruijerd-san. This town? They will let us in right?"

 "I've never entered it. They always chase me away."

 Leaving the human race aside, the Superd race is hated quite a bit.

 That hatred is already at the genetic level at this point.

 After seeing Eris' reaction I understood.

 I thought things might be okay on the Magic Continent, but it seems that is not the case.

 "Incidentally, with what kind of feeling do they usually chase you away?"

 "First, when I approach the town the guards start yelling, a little while after a large number of Adventurers come running out."

 The flow of events was playing out in my head following his words, starting with the guards yelling out "Stop!" and then a large number of muscular men running out in succession to attack.

 "Then, it seems like using a disguise would be a good idea."

 After saying that Ruijerd showed a sullen face and was glaring at me.

 "A disguise you say?"

 It seems there's something about that idea he doesn't like.

 "Please calm down. First we need to enter the town."

 "No, what is a disguise?"

 "Eh?"

 It seems he didn't know what a disguise was.

 A difference in culture I wonder?

 No, in the first place if he had known, they would have let him into the town.

 "A disguise is where you change your outer appearance in order to hide your identity."

 "Ho? How do you go about doing that?"

 "Let's see? For now, let's hide your face."

 For now I sat down placed my hand on the ground and started gathering magic power.

 Part 3

 "Stop!"

 There were soldiers positioned at the entrance of the town.

 A shameless looking man with the face of a pig and a stern looking man with the head of a snake.

 "Who are you! What did you come here for!"

 The snake man was asking us our identity while holding the ken at his waist.

 The pig man was looking at Eris with an indecent expression.

 This pig is a lolicon bastard? Seems like we would get along.

 "We are travelers."

 Just as planned, I was standing in the front.

 "Are you adventurers?"

 "Huh? No, that's not the case. We're just travelers."

 I almost immediately responded with a Yes, but we have nothing to prove it.

 It wouldn't be strange to say we wish to join the Adventurers guild with Eris and my age.

 "That man over there is? He appears suspicious."

 Ruijerd was hiding his face with the full coverage helmet I just made from rock.

 We wrapped his spear with cloth, so it looks quite similar to a staff.

 Suspicious.

 However, it's still better than the appearance of a Supard race.

 "He's my older brother. He tried putting on the helmet of a strange adventurer, and he was unable to remove it again."

 I think in the town there would be people who try to remove it for him, but?

 "Hahha! That's the story of an idiot! If that's the case then it can't be helped. Try asking the old lady from the tool shop and I'm sure she'll lend you something to get it off."

 The snake headed man took a step backwards while laughing.

 They're not really all that cautious.

 In Japan if a man wearing a full face helmet appeared, they would be pretty suspicious.

 I wonder if it's because he's leading children.

 Or else, the guy with a helmet on his head would be suspicious in his mind.

 "By the way, is there a place to work in this town?"

 "A place to work? What are you going to do after hearing about something like that?"

 "It would be horrible if we couldn't get the helmet off my older brother and they demand money in return, we would have to work to pay for it."

 The snake man then whispered to himself, "I see, that old lady might actually do that."

 The tool shop must be quite the profitable business.

 Well, not that it matters to us.

 "Then, try the adventurers guild. If it's that place, even with no funds outsiders can earn daily wages."

 "I understand."

 "The adventurers guild is straight ahead in this town. It's a large building, so you'll quickly notice it."

 "Thank you very much."

 "If you register for the Adventurer's Guild, the inn cost will be a little bit cheaper. It would be a good idea just to register either way."

 I made a suitable nod and pass through the gate.

 Then, I come to a stop.

 "Come to think of it, is this town always that strict with guarding?"

 "No, recently, it seems [Dead End] has been spotted nearby. We've got to be cautious."

 "What was that! That sounds frightening?!"

 "Yeah, that's right, I'm praying it'll quickly go off somewhere."

 "If you meet it you will certainly die, Dead End."

 It's a scary name.

 It must be quite the frightening monster without a doubt.

 Part 4

 After entering the town.

 A town with a bit less activity than Roa was spread out before our eyes.

 However, I got the feeling that I had seen a similar organization to this town somewhere.

 Near the entrance to the town were the merchant related inns, related stables, and stores all connected.

 "Now then, adventurers huh?"

 If I put together all the things I've heard about them so far, adventurers are similar to dispatched company employees.

 A wide variety of people seeking jobs go to the Adventurers Guild and take on jobs to increase their status.

 People call jobs given by the Adventurers Guild commissions.

 Adventurers with confidence in their abilities are dispatched to take care of the job.

 "I don't know if we'll be able to earn money, but would it be a good idea to register for now? It seems like they would ask for something to prove our identity, what do you think Eris?"

 "Adventurers! I want to! I will!"

 I noticed Eris' eyes sparkling.

 Come to think of it, Eris has heard of countless stories from Ghyslaine's adventuring days.

 Unexpectedly, it seems she longed to be one.

 "Ruijerd-san, are you already an adventurer?"

 "No, I've never been allowed in a town big enough to have an Adventurer's Guild."

 I see.

 I understand now, Adventurer's Guilds are only in larger towns.

 "Well, if that's the case then it's better I guess?"

 Plans are steadily being worked out in my head.

 He can't be expected to always wear that heavy looking helmet after all.

 If he always has to hide his face, then he'll never clear up the Superd races reputation.

 If only we could do something great and then all of a sudden say it was a Superd all along!

 It would be good if there was that sort of flow, but supposedly all the lowest rank adventurer jobs are in the town.

 Rather, instead of trying to do something big, going around and doing a large number of these small tasks could be a better way to change the opinion of people.

 If you do it well enough, his trust all around the town will go up.

 There are no problems with Ruijerd's character.

 If he could suddenly save the town from a strong monster, he might even be received well!

 Speaking of which, saving a lost child, that sort of scenario could work as well.

 That was proven in the Migurd village.

 Rather than defeating monsters, it seems we should focus on saving people.

 Come into contact with people with no prejudice.

 If it was just Ruijerd's character, then that would be plenty.

 However, for saving people this helmet is not very good.

 Being unable to see his expressions is a minus.

 Even I wouldn't be able to trust a guy whose face I can't see.

 Should we go with a helmet that only hides the hair?

 No, that would still be suspicious.

 I don't know if there's culture in this world as well where people remove things they are wearing on their head or not, but I would find it quite rude.

 However, doing small things here and there would take quite a bit of time.

 It should be something that can spread the existence of Ruijerd throughout the entire town.

 "Hmmm? What should be done."

 First off is gaining a degree of popularity.

 It doesn't matter how good of a thing is done, if it is done by a nameless young man, then there's no point.

 As expected, in order for his name to be remembered, the first should be a large monster extermination.

 In this world those with power are accepted is the tendency.

 If we were to exterminate a monster with quite a bit of infamy, a good amount of popularity is likely to arise.

 Although, in the case of the Superd race, it's already well known how strong they are, so it could have a reverse effect.

 Wait a minute, but, in the case that there is a crisis approaching the town what would happen.

 While everyone is hiding from the dilemma, singing songs of their fate, the one who appears before them is Magic Continent's Beautiful Young Man, Ruijerd, kind of feeling and then he defeats the enemy in one hit.

 Oh, doesn't that sound kind of good?

 The problem is, what that enemy would be, just before we heard a name that sounds relatively good.

 "Ruijerd-san. Do you know what this being known as [Dead End] is about?"

 If we could lure this monster known as [Dead End] into the town.

 The town would then panic.

 Then Ruijerd appears and defeats it.

 A completed story of good defeating evil.

 It's perfect.

 However, the answer I heard was outside of my expectations.

 "It's about me."

 "What does that mean?"

 What is that?

 Wait, was that a philosophical answer?!

 Is what I was thinking when…

 "In this region that is how they call me."

 Ruijerd = [Dead End].

 Is what appears to be the case.

 I see now.

 I comprehend it now.

 If you saw a Superd race walking around near the town, then you would definitely be quite cautious.

 Ha??

 Nevertheless, to be feared to the extent that he would have such a dangerous sounding second name.

 Exactly how afraid of him are people?

 Jeez, gate guard do your job a little bit more properly would you.

 Surely, they don't even see the Superd race as people in the first place.

 They're a Demon race that are out raging about, so there's no way they would possess enough intelligence to disguise themselves is what they must think.

 "What is there that can be done?"

 However, this second name, it seems to be quite well known.

 We could be able to make use of it.

 "There's not some sort of reward out for your head is there right?"

 "Ah. That is alright."

 Is that the truth?

 That's the truth right?

 I'll believe in you?

 It would be bad if you were lying.

 For now, a small change of plans.

 Part 5

 First, we should check out the open air shops before we head to the Adventurers Guild.

 The open air shops in the vicinity of the entrance are all the same no matter where you go.

 Even though I say that, the market price was largely different.

 Furthermore, the things that were being sold were largely different.

 For example, a place that would be like a stable selling horses in Roa, is selling creatures similar to lizards.

 I'm sure with all the rocks and hills in the Magic Continent, these sorts of creatures are more useful than horses.

 Also, there are no large multi-person carts, but merchants all have their own individual carts.

 For the long journey ahead, there are a number of things we want.

 It's seems there's a necessity to buy things one at a time.

 However, the things to buy this time are already decided.

 After looking around at the market price and picking the cheapest place possible.

 It's not like we're in a particular hurry, but we also don't have all that much time to spare.

 The items I have my eyes on are dyes and a hood. Also, if possible something like a lemon would be good.

 "Old man, aren't these dyes a bit expensive? This isn't a showcase?"

 "Don't say stupid things, it's a reasonable price."

 "Is that the truth?"

 "Obviously!"

 "Though, they're selling the same thing for half price over there?"

 "What?!"

 "The quality seems to be a bit lower over there though. Ah, this hood is good. If I buy this and that lemon looking thing over there together, will you give me a discount?"

 "Boy, you're quite skilled in this business. I understand. Take it."

 "Ah, that's right. Buy this from us. It's fur from Pack Coyotes and fangs from Acid Wolves?"

 "There's quite a few there. Hold on a second. Two, three, four. How does 3 scrap iron coins sound for the lot?"

 "That can't be the case. Shouldn't it at least be 6 coins?"

 "There's no way that's the case. Then 4 coins."

 "Okay, let's go with that."

 After going through some browsing and negotiations, we can buy and sell all at the same time.

 Since I don't know what the market price is, I have no idea how much money this really is.

 Honestly speaking, just going by looks of things during negotiations, I got the feeling we just barely got a reasonable price.

 Our remaining funds are 1 iron coin, 4 scrap iron coins, and 10 stone coins.

 It's the money we received from Roxy's parents.

 I need to make sure we use it carefully.

 We entered an unpopular back alley.

 It would be good if we didn't get involved with any weird guys.

 No, if we get involved with them they could be willing to give Ruijerd all their money.

 It could be a chance to increase our money.

 "Ruijerd-san. If anyone tries to mess with us, let's go with half killing them."

 "Half killing? All but dead, but not quite killed is what you're saying?"

 "No, you can just normally dust them off."

 However, unfortunately, no one came to mess with us.

 No, honestly it was unfortunate.

 Although, there were some pretty rough looking guys.

 They most likely had no money though either way.

 "Ruijerd-san. First let's dye your hair."

 "Dye, my hair?"

 "Yes. With this dye."

 "I understand, you're going to change the color of my hair. You sure think up some interesting things."

 I was admired.

 It seems in this world there are no customs of dying hair a different color.

 No, it could just be that Ruijerd doesn't know?

 It doesn't seem like he's gone near very many human villages after all.

 "However, wouldn't it have been better to go for a much different color than that?"

 The color I selected was a blue color.

 I chose the one as close as possible to the color of Migurd race as I could.

 "No, there's a Migurd race village a three day walk from here. There should be quite a few people who know that. Since that's the case, from today forward Ruijerd-san is a Migurdo race."

 "Then you guys are??"

 "We are henchmen numbers one and two that you picked up somewhere around here."

 "Henchmen? Not equal warriors?"

 "It's that sort of setting. There's no need for you to remember it, but in order for others to think that is the case, I will be acting as such."

 What we're going to do from here is an act.

 I told Ruijerd of the setting.

 From today on, Ruijerd is now the Migurd race young man Roisu pretending to be Superd races [Dead End].

 The young man from the Migurd race known as Roisu has always wanted to be an existence feared by people.

 Then one day he picked up two children.

 Children who could use magic and swordsmanship.

 They adored the Roisu who saved them.

 "Do you adore me?"

 "I don't particularly."

 "I see."

 These two were fairly strong.

 Then watching them Roisu thought of something.

 In the Migurd race I'm quite tall.

 If I call myself Ruijerd the [Dead End], it would be easier to make everyone fear me.

 Now feel free to go out and fight, the two of you go out and incite others well.

 These two were children, but they were quite useful.

 Using the two of them, he could quickly become quite famous.

 "He's pretending to be me and using my name, an unforgivable man."

 "That is true, certainly he cannot be forgiven. However, if the false Ruijerd does good things. What would people think about it?"

 "What would they think about it?"

 "He's very obviously a fake, but he's quite the good guy even so, is what they would think."

 What is necessary is comedy and mismatch.

 He's the type of that would deceive others, but he's actually a pretty good guy.

 It's important to make others think that.

 "Hmm?"

 "The fake Ruijerd is a good guy. If those sorts of rumors float around then it's in the bag. Eventually the rumors will become vague and turn into a "Ruijerd is a good guy" sort of shape."

 "That is certainly amazing, but will it really become the case?"

 "It will."

 I can assert that it will.

 At the very least, the current Ruijerd here can't lower his current reputation any lower.

 The current point is the lowest possible reputation after all.

 "I see, is it alright if it's something as simple as that?"

 "It's not simple at all. I'm not sure if we can make it succeed or not."

 Plans are things that are always certain to fall apart at some point.

 The more detailed and thorough you are, the easier it is to come up with further plans in the following half.

 However, if all goes well, rumors will become rumors, gathering up, and Ruijerd's true nature will become clear to everyone.

 "However, what if the lie gets out?"

 "How could you say that? Ruijerd-san there's no lies at all about it."

 "What do you mean?"

 A Superd race calling himself as such while pretending to be a Migurd race.

 If everything goes as planned, doing things that everyone likes is a good thing.

 Even the name isn't false.

 Roisu doesn't want it known that he's a real Superd race, so he calls himself Ruijerd in front of others.

 Ruijerd of the Superd race.

 The people looking at it from the outside will at their own convenience be mistaken that it's the Roisu of the Migurd race pretending to be Ruijerd.

 That's why there's no lies about it.

 The only one lying is me.

 However, Ruijerd seems like he'll resist standing behind lies, so I'll stay quiet about that part.

 "The other side will come to the mistaken conclusion that you're of the Migurd race at their own convenience."

 "Hm? Ah, I see. I'm pretending to be myself, while Roisu is the fake? My head is getting all mixed up. What do I need to do?"

 "Just continue as you do normally."

 Ruijerd made a complicated face.

 This guy certainly couldn't make it as an actor with his acting skill.

 "However, please don't snap and kill anyone who comes at you with cheap provocations."

 "Hmm? That is, are you telling me not to get into any fights?"

 "It's fine if you do, but please act as if you are struggling. Let a few hits get in, slump your shoulders and make it appear like in the end you somehow or other won."

 Even if I say that, I'm not sure if he could manage that sort of acting.

 Is what I thought, but,

 "Do you mean to go easy on them?"

 It seems that will be alright.

 "There's no way the real Ruijerd could be this weak, while at the same time, if it's the real thing he's pretty amazing, right? Is what we want to make them think."

 "I don't really get it."

 "It will make them think that this side is a fake and at the same time make the enemy feel better about themselves."

 "After making them feel better about themselves then what."

 "Rumors that the Superd race is weak will start to flow out."

 Then, Ruijerd made a very grim face.

 "The Superd race is not weak."

 "I am aware of that. However, you are feared, because you are strong. If people feel you are a bit weaker, they could feel a bit more relieved like right now."

 Even if I say that, we can't really let them think we're all that weak.

 If there are still Superd race living in some unknown place.

 They could start being persecuted again.

 Balance is important.

 "Is it that sort of thing?"

 Well then, it's this sort of thing.

 If we just keep wandering around aimlessly, we'll eventually give ourselves away.

 "I'll be doing my best to support, so where we fall will depend on how much effort Ruijerd puts into it."

 "Ah, I understand. I'm counting on you."

 I used the fruit juice received from the lemon-like fruit to bleach Ruijerd's hair.

 The original emerald green color was successfully bleached.

 Then the dyes were applied for the coloring.

 Hmm.

 It's not really very pretty.

 Rather, it's pretty dirty looking.

 But, at the very least it's not a greenish color.

 It doesn't really look like a Migurd race though? The difference in height is too big.

 However, he doesn't really look like a Superd race either I guess.

 Well, disguises are just right when they are pretty vague I guess.

 A Migurd race like person naming themselves as a Superd race, but something that feels like neither or so.

 "Also, I'll let you hold onto this."

 I removed the necklace and put it around Ruijerd's neck.

 "This is from the Migurd village, huh."

 "Yes. It's something I received from my shishou as a graduation gift. Since then, I've always had it on me."

 If he wears it then at the very least he will seem a bit more like someone with a relation to the Migurd race is what I think.

 For those who are aware at least.

 "It's a precious item. Make sure to return it. Absolutely, return it."

 "Ah."

 "If you lose it I'll seriously try to beat you up."

 "I understand."

 "In regards to what I will do specifically, I'll use earth magic to completely seal up the entrances to the town, then make magma flow into the town until the crater is completely full."

 "Even if it involves other people? There's children among them as well."

 "If you want to save the lives of the children, make sure you absolutely don't lose it."

 "Hmm? If you're that worried about it, shouldn't you just keep holding onto it in the first place?"

 "No, it was a joke of course."

 "???"

 Now then, I'll have Eris wear the hood.

 Her red hair stands out quite a bit.

 We need to try and focus the gazes on a single point.

 "Eris, it's about this hood, but?"

 After saying that and spreading the hood out, I noticed there were holes for ears.

 How could this be.

 It's like the kind of hood monks in Final Fantasy III would be wearing.

 The color is not quite white, but it has a mantle like part flowing out the back.

 It seems to be something for the Beast race.

 This could have been a mistake to buy.

 Eris isn't normally bothered by clothes very much.

 However, if you see that Boreas style greeting you would understand.

 She probably doesn't want to wear anything that associate her with the beast race.

 "Um… Eris, it's about this, but…"

 "Th! That! Wh, what are you going to do about it!"

 "It…it's for Eris, could you somehow… wear it?"

 "Really?!"

 Is what I thought, but it seems she was really happy about it.

 That pose doesn't seem to be one of dislike.

 "I'll treat it carefully."

 After quickly putting on the hood, Eris had on a full face smile.

 Well, it's that, right.

 I don't really get it, but anyways, alright!

 Now then, first off is the Adventurer's Guild.

 What is necessary is comedy.

 We can't go forgetting that.

 I'll be praying it goes well.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
