Volume 3  7 — Adventurers Guild

Volume 3 Chapter 7 - Adventurer's Guild

 

 Part 1

 The Adventurer's Guild.

 A place where men of great strength and valor gather.

 Those with confidence in their strength, those with confidence in their magic.

 Those with swords, those with axes, those with staves, and those with fists.

 Those who boast they are stronger than others, and those who laugh in the face of death.

 Swordsmen clad in armor, lightly equipped magicians as well.

 A man like a pig, a woman with the lower half of a snake, a woman with legs like a horse.

 A place where a great number of races gather and congregate.

 That is the Adventurer's Guild of the Magic Continent.

 The Adventurer's Guild in the town of Rikarisu.

 Its large door violently swung open, making a loud bang.

 The Guild's gazes gathered towards the entrance, wondering what was going on.

 There are very few who would open the Adventurer's Guild door so violently.

 Did a party from somewhere return?

 Are the guards here to request for backup for monsters attacking the town?

 Otherwise is it just a trick of the wind?

 Come to think of it, it was said that Dead End was seen nearby, but it can't be?

 Thinking that, three people appeared in the eyes of the Adventurers.

 The one in the front was a boy.

 Still young. However, he had an expression full of confidence. A staff covered in cloth and clothes that appeared to be high class though covered in dirt.

 Without flinching or wavering a bit he walked straight into this place filled with adults and those with frightening visages.

 Several people thought to themselves what is going on here. His appearance was so different from his actions.

 Or maybe it was a race that had an appearance different from their actual age.

 The one hidden in the shadow of the boy, was most likely a young girl.

 She had a hood covering her face so low that you can't even be sure.

 However, in comparison to her age she was wearing a sharp and stubborn expression.

 One could tell at a glance that she was used to the sword worn at her waist.

 A number of men here recognized her as a skilled swordsman.

 The final one was a tall man with a large build.

 On his forehead was a red gem and on his face a cross shaped scar.

 It matched perfectly with the physical traits of [Dead End]. There were those who were about to let out a cry.

 However, that blue hair.

 They quickly realized it was a mistake. It was a different person who looks very similar.

 Bizarre.

 Completely bizarre.

 It was a group with not a single normal looking person.

 It was eerie to even wonder why they would come here.

 The boy yelled out with a loud voice.

 "Heyhey, heyhey! Stop staring you bastards! Who do you think you're feasting your eyes on here?!"

 No no, who is that, we have no idea, is what everyone was thinking.

 "How could it be, that devil of the Superd race! Ruijerd-sama the Dead End! Be silent, be afraid, or run away!"

 No no, there's no way that's the case, is what everyone was thinking.

 The Superd race's hair is green enough to sober one on the spot.

 It's not that dark and filthy blue color.

 "Brother! It seems that they don't recognize the face of [Dead End] out here in the middle of nowhere. Jeez, if they just moved their legs a bit they could tell, but even after hearing the rumors no one can recognize you."

 It seems that the boy is trying to assert that this young man is the [Dead End].

 After thinking that, the boys loud performance starts to appear humorous.

 In an instant the eerie atmosphere disappeared.

 That young man who he called older brother.

 Indeed, that face with the scar and red eyes certainly looks similar to [Dead End].

 However, an important point is totally wrong.

 "Pu…"

 Who was it that let out the voice?

 "What was that you bastard?! What are you laughing at?!"

 The boy yelled loud enough to be heard in every direction with a face filled with anger.

 That appearance was so entirely humorous that the entire guild was filled with stifled laughter and smiles.

 Then someone said it.

 "Puusuu…ckkhaha… But… you know… the Superd race… have green hair right?"

 After those words the lobby of the Adventurer's Guild broke out into a huge fit of laughter.

 Part 2

 After hearing all the laughing voices, I clenched my fist and thought "Okay" to myself.

 The Adventurer's Guild.

 I had a mental image of something like this, but it was quite a bit rougher than I expected.

 Probably because there's a wide variety of races on the Magic Continent.

 A man with the face of a horse, another man with sickles like those of a praying mantis, a woman with wings similar to a butterfly, and a woman with a lower body similar to a snake.

 Many of them are similar to humans but somewhere there's a large difference.

 Even more, those who don't have any parts similar to animals, aren't exactly human looking either.

 There are those whose skin color is completely blue, as well as those with something like thorns coming out of their shoulders.

 There are even those with two heads and those with four arms.

 Quite similar to humans, yet something is quite different.

 Thinking about it a bit, Migurd race and Superd race are quite similar to the Human race in comparison.

 "D…Don't be making fun of brother! You know, brother saved us when we were being attacked by monsters in the wastelands!"

 Without being overwhelmed, I started up the acting again at an appropriate moment.

 "Did you hear that?! Dead End saving a person he says!"

 "Hyahahahaha! Am…amazing?! He's a great guy!"

 "Seriously! I want him to save me as well! Gyahahaha!!"

 Normally I would be cowering with this number of people laughing and scorning around me, but because of the acting or otherwise because the people laughing are lacking so much reality, I was able to endure.

 Or else, maybe, I've grown up a bit?

 No, no.

 Growing arrogant won't help.

 In the first place, they aren't laughing at me right now, but they are aimed at Ruijerd.

 There's no reason for my legs to tremble.

 I'll be able to feel a bit more confident when the hostility is aimed directly at me and I can cope with it.

 For now I'll check things out.

 Taking a moment to check out if anyone in here thinks Ruijerd is the real thing.

 Then, going with plan A that I prepared in advance.

 "These guys can't be forgiven! Brother! We should do them all in!"

 "Fuu…It's fine to let the guys who want to laugh do it."

 By the way, plan B in the case no one started laughing was also prepared.

 "Is it fine?? Really now!"

 "Already, already pretending to be a big shot!"

 "It…It's dangerous?! I feel like I might be apologetic!"

 These guys, if they knew Ruijerd was the real thing would they apologize?

 "Hnn! You bastards should be grateful for brother's leniency!"

 I said that out loud and continued to check out the surroundings.

 On the left there was a large notice board covered in an overflowing number of papers.

 On the right there were four counters with staff members staring at us dumbfounded.

 On the right then.

 I lead the other two up to the counter.

 After exchanging glances with Ruijerd, I raised my voice again.

 "Hey staff! We want to register as Adventurers!"

 I yelled it in a voice loud enough for the gallery to hear.

 There was another burst of laughter from behind us.

 "De…de…Dead End is going to be a completely fresh newbie he says?!"

 "ge…ha…gggeho.??! My stomach hurts!"

 "Amazing… I… I'm going to be the senior of that Dead End!"

 "Th…That is certainly something to brag about!"

 Alright, that's about enough I guess.

 "Shut up you all. I can't hear the voice of the staff members!"

 After yelling that all the Adventurers quieted down while grinning to themselves.

 "Un…Understood. We get it."

 "Th…The first explanation is important after all, right?! Pususu"

 "kuku ku"

 Alright, everyone is still busy laughing to themselves.

 This is fine.

 Part 3

 Now then.

 It was a long 44 years.

 Finally I have arrived at the homestead "Hello Work".

 Even though I have the qualifications of a Water Saint Class Magician, met allies on the way, and became known as "100 years of unemployment, Hundred NEET" finally?!

 If it weren't for supporting the selfish young girl behind me…

 Those who don't work, can't afford to eat!

 Putting that aside.

 "Then staff member-san. I'm sorry to make such a ruckus. Please treat me well."

 A female staff member with orange hair grown out fangs.

 A large chest with clearly visible cleavage in the clothes.

 Although, there were three breasts lined up, so two cleavages were visible.

 If you increase it by one, it's something that doubles, what's this.

 "Eh? Ah, yes. Registering to be an Adventurer? Right?"

 She hesitated for a moment after my attitude completely changed.

 Well, if I keep acting like that then it will eventually blow our cover after all.

 Just enough acting so they don't look down on us is, okay!

 "Yes. Anyhow, we are newcomers after all."

 "In that case, please fill out these forms."

 We were handed three pieces of paper and a piece of charcoal.

 All the papers were the same.

 A section for writing your name and job, as well as things to be aware of and a code of conduct.

 What are people who can't read supposed to do?

 And, the moment I was thinking of that.

 "If you can't read letters, would you like for me to read it to you?"

 I see that's the case.

 "No, that won't be necessary."

 I read it out loud for Eris to hear.

 Summarizing it out something like this.

 =================================================

 One. Use of the Adventurer's Guild

 If one registers with the Adventurer's Guild, they will receive services available to Adventurers.

 Two. Service Content

 All Adventurer's Guilds throughout the world offer these services: job offerings, delivery of compensation and rewards, purchase of raw materials, and exchange of currency.

 Three. Registration Information

 Adventurers receive a card with their own information under their control upon registering for the Adventurer's Guild. It is possible to re-issue it if lost, but rank will be reset to F. Also, each area has it's own fine for it.

 Four. Withdrawal from the Adventurer's Guild

 If you request it, withdrawal from the guild is possible.

 Re-registration is possible, but rank will restart at F.

 Five. Prohibited Conduct

 The below actions are considered prohibited.

 1. Actions which go against a countries laws.

 2. Actions which disgrace and cause the reliability of the guild to fall.

 3. Actions which interfere or obstruct other Adventurers jobs.

 4. Buying, selling, and trading of jobs.

 If prohibited actions are discovered, a fine will be applied and Adventurers guild qualifications will be revoked.

 Six. Breach of Contract Compensation

 If you fail a job you have accepted you must pay compensation for the breach of contract, two times the amount of the job reward compensation. Repayment period is half a year. If compensation is not paid, Adventurers guild qualification will be revoked.

 Seven. Rank

 There are seven ranks from F to S based on Adventurers proven skills. As a general rule of thumb, you can only take jobs within one above or below your current rank.

 Eight. Rank Promotions and Demotions

 It is possible to raise your rank by succeeding a regulated number of jobs. However, if you feel that your ability isn't up to standard it is possible to remain at your current rank as well. Also, if you fail a certain number of jobs in succession, your rank will be demoted by one.

 Nine. Obligation

 In the case that a country is under attack by monsters and a request for assistance is made from the guild, you have an obligation to obey.

 Also, if an emergency situation arises, Adventurers have an obligation to obey the guild staff members.

 =================================================

 Midway through Eris started to show a fed up face.

 She's not good with stiff rules like these.

 I'm not really all that great with them myself.

 However, these sorts of things you need to properly read after all.

 For now, it doesn't seem like there will be any problems.

 But, before that.

 "Staff Member-san, I have a question."

 "What is it?"

 "These words, do you have them prepared for any place?"

 "Have them prepared for any place, for example?"

 "Human language."

 "Ah, if that's the case then it's alright."

 "If that's the case."

 I wonder if the language a minor race uses would be alright.

 I'm sure, Japanese is probably impossible as well.

 I wrote using Demon God Language.

 It would be better if they believed me to be a Demon race who has the appearance of a youth, rather than a Human race.

 "Eris please write your own as well."

 I told Eris to write her own.

 In the case of these contracts, it's better if you write them yourself.

 Incidentally, all the conversations within the guild are in the Demon God Language.

 She was wearing a quiet and sullen expression because she can't understand any of the words going on around us.

 If she had heard and understood the scorn from earlier directly, she probably would have drawn her sword and attacked.

 "We have no intentions of using one, but in the case that a false name is used, what would become of it?"

 "There are no regulations. It's limited only to a registration name after all."

 "Even in the case that a criminal were to write their name?"

 "There is no set definition for criminal in the Magic Continent, so long as you do not cause any trouble with the Adventurers Guild there is no problem. However, if you were to have your Adventurers guild qualifications revoked, you will be unable to register anywhere within this continent."

 "Is that alright?"

 "There would be a problem if someone who never received a name from the time they were born in the Magic Continent. For that reason, it is not prohibited to use a false name when registering."

 I understand now.

 Each continent has a different jurisdiction and some differences between them it seems.

 I considered the possibility that Superd race wouldn't be able to register and he should use the false name Roisu, but it doesn't seem like that will be a problem.

 "In the case that we register on this continent, then go to another continent will there be a necessity to register again new?"

 "No that won't be the case."

 As expected right.

 "After you have written, then please place your hand over here."

 And what was prepared was a transparent board the size of an ero game box.

 In the center of it a magic circle was carved.

 Underneath it, metal looking cards were scattered.

 Hmm. I wonder what this is.

 "Like this?"

 For now, starting with me.

 Then I placed my hand down.

 After the staff member confirmed that, they pressed the edge of the board with their finger.

 "Name: Rudeus Greyrat" "Job: Magician" "Rank: F"

 The staff member indifferently read out the contents of the paper prepared and then pressed the board again.

 Then, the magic circle shined with a red light and quickly went out.

 "Please kindly take this card, it's your Adventurer Card."

 A completely normal iron plate.

 Written there with shining letters was:

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Name: Rudeus Greyrat

 Gender: Male

 Race: Human Race

 Age: 10

 Job: Magician

 Rank: F

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Is how it was written. In human language.

 However, I understand now. It's that sort of Magic item.

 Rather, if you were to use this, wouldn't it be simple to produce books with magic?

 If they're using it in such a public place as the Adventurers Guild, shouldn't it be spread around in more places?

 No, there might be some sort of mechanism to the plate here.

 Name, job, rank were written on the paper provided by the staff member, but gender, race, and age can be read from the hand?

 This is bad.

 I thought to hide my race as human, however, not only age but race are exposed now.

 Well, whatever. Something can be done about it.

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Name: Ruijerd Superdia

 Gender: Male

 Race: Demon Race

 Age: 566

 Job: Warrior

 Rank: F

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Ah, could it be, this will show Superd race?

 And the moment I thought that, Ruijerd card showed Demon Race in letters.

 That's quite convenient, I feel a bit relieved.

 Even though his age was known, the staff member doesn't seem to particularly mind it.

 Is it not really all that strange for the Demon Races?

 She didn't seem to mind the name Ruijerd Superdia as well.

 I wonder if she thinks it's a false name or something.

 That's rather rude, I even said we wouldn't be using false names just now.

 Otherwise, could it be that it's not known Ruijerd Superdia is the real name of [Dead End].

 For a while I've been hearing words related to dead end, but nothing related to Ruijerd.

 Incidentally, his card was written in Demon God Language.

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Name: Eris Boreas Greyrat

 Gender: Female

 Race: Human Race

 Age: 12

 Job: Swordsman

 Rank: F

 - - - - - -------------------------

 After Eris received her card, registration was completed.

 Eris card was written in human language as well.

 "My card and his are using different letters, but?"

 "Yes, letters change based on the race."

 I understand now, human language for the human is how it works.

 "What about in the case of a half?"

 "There are cases where races are mixed, but generally blood is stronger on one side and those letters are shown."

 "In the case that a human were to get a card with Demon God Language and couldn't read it, wouldn't that be a problem?"

 "In that case, place your finger on the center of the back of the card, then specify the language."

 In order to test it, I pressed the center of the card, and said "Beast God Language".

 Then, the letters changed.

 I see. Interesting.

 Demon God Language. Fighting God Language.

 I kept changing it, then the staff member told me off.

 "If you go too overboard, the Magic power in the card will disappear faster, so please be careful."

 "In the case that it goes out what happens?"

 "The guild will replenish it if necessary."

 As expected there's some sort of mechanism within the card.

 There's probably some sort of small Magic crystal embedded within it.

 "If the Magic power disappears, is there no change to the information?"

 "That is the case."

 "If you keep using the same card for a long period, does the electricity decrease faster?"

 "Electricity? If it's Magic power you're talking about then that isn't the case. The Magic power will normally last one year, when you complete a job it will replenish as well, so normally it will never disappear."

 "How much does it cost to fill it up from empty again?"

 "It doesn't cost any money?"

 Then why were you telling me off about it a while ago, is what I was thinking, but there might be some guys out there who come in yelling that their card information has suddenly disappeared.

 There will be "Claimers" in any world it seems.

 "I understand, I will be careful."

 Nevertheless, electrical charging mechanism, huh?

 I don't know who came up with it, but it uses quite the interesting system.

 If you were to make use of this, I think you could do quite a few other things here and there, but?

 The Adventurer's Guild might have monopoly on such techniques.

 Well, I won't think too much about it for now.

 "nfufu"

 Eris was grinning broadly while looking at her own card.

 I know you're happy, but don't lose it?

 "Would you like to register a party?"

 "Party registration? Ah, we will."

 I realized when the staff member said it.

 It wasn't written on the paper, so I forgot about it.

 We had planned to form a party from the start.

 "Before that, I would like to inquire about the details of a party?"

 "Yes."

 And the staff member gave me an explanation.

 .Party can have up to seven members.

 .Only members within 1 rank above or below of the party leader can join the party.

 .The party rank is decided by the accepted job.

 .The party is averaged based on all party members.

 .On completion of a job, all members of the party receive equal status.

 .It is possible to take individual jobs while in a party.

 .The party leader and a guild staff member are required to join a party.

 .In order to withdraw only the guild staff member is required.

 .The party leader has authority to forcefully withdraw members.

 .In the event of the death of the leader, the party will automatically be dissolved.

 .It is possible to create a clan with more than two parties.

 .Clans in good standing with the guild will receive a number of privileges.

 The clan portion doesn't really matter for now.

 For the time being it's not really related to us.

 "Then, what would like the party name to be?"

 "[Dead End] please."

 The staff members face stiffened up.

 However, as expected of a pro. She quickly returned to a smile.

 "I understand. Please allow me to see your Adventurers card."

 We take out the cards we just put away and hand them over.

 The staff member takes them for a bit and places them down then hands them back.

 "Yes, please confirm it."

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Name: Rudeus Greyrat

 Gender: Male

 Race: Human Race

 Age: 10

 Job: Magician

 Rank: F

 Party: Dead End (F)

 - - - - - -------------------------

 Alright.

 However, seeing the letters for Dead End is a bit embarrassing.

 Even though it sounds that frightening when it comes from someones mouth?

 The (F) attached to it would be the party rank I guess.

 "That would be all for registration. Thank you very much."

 "Yes, thank you very much."

 "In the case that you would like to take on a job, please tear off the paper from that notice board, and return it to the reception counter please."

 "Yes."

 "The purchasing building is in the back so please be careful not to mistake them."

 "In the back I see. Thank you very much."

 Fu… Finally over.

 Part 4

 Right away, we went over to check out the notice board.

 The jobs we can accept are from F to E.

 There aren't many jobs for that rank. Pretty much all of them are jobs within the town.

 Storehouse organizing, food preparation assistance, registering forms, searching for a lost pet, extermination of harmful insects.

 All of them appear simple and they all have low pay.

 Incidentally, the jobs are written in this sort of form:

 ========================

 F

 .Job: Storehouse Organizing

 .Reward: 5 stone coins

 .Job Details: Transporting heavy objects.

 .Place: Rikarisu town, house number 12, storehouse with a red door

 .Period: half a day - full day

 .Deadline: No deadline

 .Job Owner Name: Dogamu of the Orute Race

 .Notes: There are many things to move and not enough hands. Somebody help me. The more there are with power the better.

 ========================

 ========================

 F

 .Job: Cooking Preparation Assistant

 .Reward: 6 stone coins

 .Job Details: Washing dishes and transporting meals.

 .Place: Rikarisu town, house number 4, bottom floor

 .Period: full day

 .Deadline: Until the next full moon

 .Job Owner Name: Shinitora of the Kanade Race

 .Notes: Setting appointments for customers when they enter. Help is needed. As a side note, taste testing would help out as well.

 ========================

 ========================

 E

 .Job: Searching for a lost pet

 .Reward: 1 scrap iron coin

 .Job Details: Searching for a pet that has disappeared. Capture.

 .Place: Rikarisu town, house number 2, Kiribu House, room 3

 .Period: Until it's found

 .Deadline: No deadline

 .Job Owner Name: Meiseru of the Houga Race

 .Notes: Our pet has disappeared and hasn't returned. I saved up my allowance and made a job request. Somebody please help me search.

 ========================

 None of them are jobs which you would party up to take on it seems.

 Lower rank jobs are probably generally done solo.

 Since the completion of jobs is shared equally, if you divide up labor of low rank jobs with a number of party members, you could rank up relatively fast I guess.

 "For now, should we take on something simple?"

 However, I wonder why searching for a lost pet is E.

 Ah, probably because the town is large.

 Also, the "until it is found" sounds pretty strict.

 Since it's possible it could have died already.

 However, she saved up her allowance, it's certainly a sweet little girl requesting.

 If no one appears to help it's so pitiful right?

 "There's none that let us fight a dragon or something?"

 "There's an S rank. It's this."

 "Really?! I can't read it."

 "In the northern area a stray dragon has settled down is what is written."

 "Can we win I wonder?"

 "It would be best if we stop there. Dragons are strong."

 "I see. However, subjugation type is good right?"

 "Subjugation type are C rank."

 "There's none lower than C rank?"

 "It seems that is the case."

 "I heard that in the start you usually fight goblins and stuff, but?"

 "There are no monsters as weak as that on this continent."

 Eris has Ruijerd read her the details of each of the jobs and said something rather dangerous.

 It's good when Ruijerd takes care of things.

 "Heyhey, pukuku, everybody of de…dead end…ha… That is… fufu, just a bit, kuku, high of a rank for you isn't it?"

 And then the guy who has been grinning at us for a while approached the two of them while laughing.

 A buff muscle macho man with the head of a horse.

 In an instant I moved in front of the two and cut off the horse faced man.

 "Shut up?! We'll properly take an F or E rank job!"

 "Heyhey, you can't do that. Aren't I giving you advice here?"

 "What was that?"

 "Here, this job here. The lost pet search."

 Rip, what was torn off was the job I was just looking at.

 "This is a higher rank because the town is a huge area to cover."

 "Heyhey heyhey hey. Your brother is that Superd race [Dead End] right?"

 "So, what if that's the case!"

 "Is the eye he has up here just for show? Even if the place is huge, with that eye it shouldn't even take a day to complete, right?"

 Hm.

 I see now.

 Now that I think about it that certainly is the case.

 If it's the type where we're looking for a living thing, with Ruijerd here it will be a simple matter.

 For example if it's a cat, if it's him then.

 Rather, what does he mean by advice?

 Isn't he just trying to stir us up because he thinks we're fakes?

 "Shut up! Leave us alone!"

 Is what I said while rejecting him away, however with Ruijerd's ability the lost pet search will go well.

 We should probably probably pull back for today.

 "Brother! Let's go!"

 "Hm? Is it alright if we don't take a job?"

 "It's fine! If we were to take a job in this situation nothing good will come of it!"

 Either way, all I had planned for today was to show our faces and register anyways.

 Also, to check what kinds of jobs there are posted as well.

 Activity will seriously start from tomorrow on.

 "Let's go."

 After we left the Adventurers Guild a huge roar of laughter started up.

 "Heyhey, you're just going to leave without taking a job?!"

 "As expected Dead End-san takes it easy!"

 "Gyahahahahaha!"

 Ruijerd was showing a bewildered expression.

 Wondering if this was really okay.

 This is okay.

 For now we have succeeded.

 Even after hearing the name Dead End, rather than feeling alert or nervous, they break out into laughter.

 It might not be the ideal situation.

 However, without a doubt we've taken one step forward.

 At the very least, I am confident in that.

 ---

 Thus, we became Adventurers.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
