Volume 3  13 — Mistake, Disorder, & Determination

Volume 3 Chapter 13 - Mistake, Disorder, & Determination

 

 Part 1

 After we slayed the Red-fang Cobra, we returned to the guild. As usual we met up with Jaril outside the guild. We exchange our cards, then pass the Red-fang Cobra's fangs and skin over to him and collaborate our stories.

 Because there are too many items this time, we enter the guild with Jaril and everyone else. As expected, Nokopara comes over to us. This person really does reside in the guild all the time, and he will always come over.

 [Woah, you hunted something interesting didn't you. Hey, isn't this the Red-fang Cobra's scales? Ah?]

 I make an eye-signal to Jaril, and let him talk about what we had discussed earlier.

 [Ah, indeed. We were lucky as we met it when it was weak.]

 [Hah~ Just you few only ~]

 He smiles as if he saw something interesting. Nokopara condescendingly looks at Jaril.

 What's wrong? This feels different from the norm.

 [A, all the Super Blaze's members died. They were the ones who injured it.]

 [What? Blaze…… died?]

 [Yes.]

 [Well, it can't be helped if they met the Red-fang Cobra……]

 Nokopara sighs with a bored expression.

 [But, no matter how weak it is the two of you cannot possibly kill a Red-fang Cobra……]

 [About it being weak, it was actually close to death. No, it won't be wrong to say it's already dead. Even if it is still breathing, it is no different from it being dead.]

 Jaril hurriedly runs off after talking at a high speed. Nokopara's face is full of disbelief and changes his target to us.

 [You went to search for pets today again?]

 [Yes, Jaril-sensei's technique for searching pets is too good, and we earned a few coins today.]

 [Hoh~]

 I want to leave as soon as possible. I feel that there is something wrong.

 However, Nokopara brings his arm around my shoulders with a broad smile and whispers.

 [Then, how did you search for the pet outside the town?]

 I subconsciously stop my movements for a moment, but I think I managed to keep a poker face. This development is within my expectation, he just saw us going out of the town.

 [We just went outside by coincidence.]

 [Hoh~, what did you do outside?]

 The conversation is heading off in a terrible direction. Nokopara grabs Jaril's shoulders.

 [Is the Red-fang Cobra in the city too?]

 I see, he saw Jaril moving about in the city, which is to say the cat has been let out of the bag.

 [Ara, this is really such an incredible incident, don't you say?]

 Progressing to this stage is within expectations. There are several methods to escape from this situation.

 In example, we can sell out Jaril and solve this problem. We can state that we were forcefully given this request and we were having a huge headache over this.

 But I am unable to use this solution. If I do I might get stabbed by Ruijerd because this is not what a warrior should do.

 [Hey, hey, you should stop pretending if I already state things to this point.]

 [What do you mean by pretending? What exactly, did we do?]

 [Huh?]

 [P-Hunters helped us with our request, and we helped P-Hunters with their request. That's it.]

 I continue to act ignorant, and turn the conversation to a serious direction. I had to check the rules again, and I shouldn't be wrong about this. But things are not exactly what the rules state. This world is not one where you can do as you please if you just follow the rules. But to be exact, I do not know how to differentiate the lines, so I drag the conversation in a logical direction.

 [Are you being serious, what happens if idiots follow what you just did?]

 [Then what will happen?]

 [If you are able to use money to buy requests, then there's no meaning to the adventurer's guild.]

 Hm, we did not do a money exchange…… This line of forced argument isn't going to work. But, certainly, classifying the requests and doing transactions on it.

 I see. This guy's clever.

 Indeed, if what we do is going to be widespread, there will be people who will use money to do transactions with these requests. For example, receiving all the rank D requests, and then selling them to the D rank teams, and the people who sell them can use money to raise their ranks, even when they did nothing.

 But using this method will cause the requests to fail if they cannot sell them.

 [Nokopara, why are you taking notice of this? We're not bothering you right?]

 [Hoho, be careful of what you're talking about. The only roads you have now are two. Oi, Jaril, listen up.]

 He grabs the front of my shirt and lifts me up. Behind me Ruijerd's and Eris' faces are wrought with anger. In any case, hold it in, the conversation is not over yet.

 [Hehehe……]

 I am unable to read Nokopara's expressions because he has a horse face. But since his smile is a tasteless one, I should be able to understand it.

 [If you want to keep your adventurer's qualifications, give me 2 iron coins every month.]

 How troubling.

 This is the first time I've met someone like this after coming to this world.

 Recently there are people who are neither good nor bad. It is easy to handle people who are bad because there is no need for further considerations.

 But this Nokopara, no wonder he's always in the guild. He is constantly watching out for people who do illegal things. Once he finds out he will proceed to threaten them, and that is a pretty sweet deal.

 If this fellow reports us we will be finished. No, if he does that, the person who reports it will also be found out to be doing illegal actions.

 [You lot must have earned a lot of money right? Hehe, you can spend it freely right?]

 [M, may I ask a few questions?]

 I pretend to lose my composure, while calmly progressing in the conversation.

 [Ah?]

 [This is indeed classified as buying and selling requests right?]

 [Yes, if you're discovered you will be fined and lose your qualifications to be adventurers, you don't want that right?]

 [I don't, I don't.]

 Calm down, there's no need to panic yet, I have also considered this situation.

 No problem, there's no problem yet.

 [N, no matter what I have no money, can Jaril and I report our requests?]

 [No problem. But don't think of escaping, yeah?]

 [Certainly, my lord~]

 This fellow is stupid after all.

 I walk to the encounter as I think about it.(!)

 [H, hey…… what should we do, what should we do!]

 [Calm down, please relax.]

 I handle the panicking Jaril and beckon Veskel to come over.

 After we finish collecting the rewards we will disband P hunters and bring Jaril and Veskel into Dead End. This is a meaningless solution, and I don't know how detailed the Adventurer guild's logbook is.

 As I turn back to look, Ruijerd's anger status bar is at MAX, while Nokopara is standing right in front of him. Even though we broke the rules, this underhanded method of threatening us seems to be forbidden for a warrior.

 In any case, I send a signal to stop Ruijerd.

 Eris does not seem to understand what is going on, if she does, I am afraid the one who will hit Nokopara first will be her, and she will not use her fist but her sword.

 [Oi, give today's money to me.]

 After walking back, Nokopara wraps his arm around my shoulders with a broad grin, and just as Jaril is about to hand the 2 Iron coins with a strained smile, I grab that hand.

 [Before that I have a question.]

 [What is it. Ask quickly, I'm busy.]

 I breathe deeply in my heart and pray everything is successful.

 [Do you have evidence of us doing illegal things?]

 Nokopara smacks his lips with anger, and the sound echoes throughout the building.

 Part 2

 Dead End's finished request was selected from the guild's logbook. The staff at the guild did not ask for the reason. Looks something like this is not Nokopara's first time.

 We head back to the person's place who originally made the request.

 [I suggest you not kill me in the alleys, alright?]

 Nokopara says that while looking at Ruijerd and Jaril.

 Ruijerd is releasing copious amount of killing intent, is he unafraid of him?

 Or perhaps he is already used to that kind of killing intent.

 [If I die, my partners will report to the guild, and I'm different from you C rankers. I'm one who can rise up to B rank.]

 That last line is an obvious bluff. Nokopara also does not believe he is capable of winning against 5 people alone. No matter how much he tries to corner us, he also does not wish to die.

 Even so, his thinking is too shallow. If it is me, I would at least bring in one guard.

 [We're here, we're here.]

 The first house.

 It is a dwelling that I have not seen before. After knocking on the door, a seemingly obstinate-looking old Oba-san walks out from the house. She has an eagle-like nose, and she wears a black robe. There seems to be a sweet smell emitting from the interiors of the house, and most likely she's making a Neruneruneru candy.

 She shows a suspicious expression upon looking at Nokopara, but displays a smile when she sees Veskel.

 [Ara, isn't this Veskel? Why did you bring so many people here? Ah, are these the members of "Dead End's Ruijerd"?]

 Ruijerd looks at us in shock. He sees the Oba-san's glances are looking towards Veskel.

 [Hah!]

 He laughs.

 [Oba-san, you have been deceived. These aren't the people of Dead End.]

 [Ah--?]

 Oba-san shoots Nokopara's an eye, and scoffs through her nose.

 [How did they deceive us?]

 [How, huh.]

 [Veskel has killed all the bugs in my home. As expected of one from the Zumeba race, after that I have not seen a single bug.]

 Looks like this Oba-san is a home that Veskel had serviced. Come to think of it, Ruijerd has mentioned this when he was spying on them.

 [As long as you do things thoroughly, I don't mind if you're the real "Dead End".]

 Nokopara is not the only one who is surprised, the real deal himself also shows a surprised expression.

 [B, but.]

 [I am not going to live for much longer, if I can meet him before I depart, I really want to do so.]

 You already have.

 Nokopara's eyes open wide in shock and turns around in annoyance to face Veskel.

 [Veskel! You bastards, bring out your Adventurer's identifications!]

 Veskel looks a little taken aback, but grins broadly. In her hands is a card that has "Dead End" written on it.

 [What! Y, you damn bastards, are you f*cking with me……!]

 Too late, "P hunters" does not exist anymore.

 If you check it out, it might still be in the guild's logbook, and you take a further step in checking things out, there might be some rule violation somewhere. But Nokopara doesn't seem to have thought of that.

 [Sheet! To the next house!]

 We did not return to the guild.

 I smile with conceit and follow Nokopara.

 Part 3

 After finding dozens of people who made requests, Nokopara's face turns from red to green.

 [Fuck, what the hell is going on.]

 Everyone who made a request views Jaril and Veskel as members of "Dead End". And the Adventurer's card is also reflected as "Dead End".

 On top of all that, we head towards the little girl who made the first request that we did. She hugs Ruijerd's leg with delight, and has a happy reunion with him.

 [Nokopara-san, I'm sorry, if you don't have any proof I can't give you money.]

 [Fuck!]

 Now the tables have been turned, and we can report him for interfering with our requests or something.

 [He, he, he.]

 I subconsciously laugh in an evil manner.

 At the time when I am laughing, we reach the place of the final person. That is to say, the "Wolf's paw pavilion". Jaril and Veskel seem to have worked there before, and it might be difficult to cover up if someone recognized us.

 But I don't remember what that owner said. Well, just like before, there should be a way to handle things.

 [These are the final people.]

 The two people are coming out of the "Wolf's paw pavilion". I freeze instantly when I see this sight.

 Sheet.

 My mind is blaring siren alarms up.

 This is an emergency.

 This is an air strike.

 The enemy planes have invaded us.

 An unexpected situation.

 This has distinctly shown off where my thoughts are lacking, and how badly my mind adapts.

 [Ah, Rudeus, you're back…… Thanks for your hard work work. I say, what's wrong, you brought so many people.]

 Kurt welcomes us with an exhausted expression.

 Nokopara has probably discovered my anxiety.

 Or perhaps he has planned this from the start.

 [Hey, the people who saved you are "Dead End" right?]

 Ah. Damn it. The current "Dead End" is rank D, while P hunters accepted request is rank B. This means that we cannot accept this, and if one investigates it everything will fall apart.

 Damn it, this is trouble.

 Kurt looks at Ruijerd and me, while I shake my head hard to stop him.

 (Brag about it, that you don't need help. You retreated from a bad place all by yourself, right.)

 I think of that in my mind. At least, I am praying that Kurt will brag and say [I don't know about that, no one helped us] and refute him.

 Kurt looks at me and nods forcefully.

 [Of course, I have never seen someone so strong.]

 Oh my dearest mother of…… this person is so honest~!

 Kurt describes how strong we are, stating we buried the Executioner and Almond Anaconda, and edits the plot with voice-over and visual colored explanations.

 Rudeus-san is so amazing.

 Even though the Executioner is strong enough to frighten people, it should not clash with Dead End.

 Do you know what happened when it picked a duel with Rudeus?

 Instant K-O!

 It's true, it was crushed with a single blow.

 Ruijerd-san is also strong to the level of being absurd.

 He dances across here and there, and that anaconda dies!

 Even though he did something so unbelievable he does not break a sweat!

 Just thinking about it gives me goosebumps!

 Nokopara listens to that while saying, hoh, hoh, is that so, hmm hmm, that's really amazing, while grinning. And then.

 [Strange~~ Oi, the people who received the request in the town, why did you go to the Forest of Petrification to save people?]

 [No, that, is, we are with Jaril……]

 [Jaril and Veskel have been staying in the town all along right?]

 This cannot be hidden any longer, Nokopara must have a way to checkmate us.

 Calm down! There should be some way, quickly think of it, first of all I have 3 choices. Very good, I have thought of them.

 1) Kill Nokopara.

 If I believe he has a companion, then this option will head into a bad direction. But perhaps it might head into a good direction too. This is completely based on luck.

 This is a poor plan.

 2) Blame it all on Jaril and Veskel.

 We're new. They are veterans.

 Insist that we have been deceived and treated as prey, perhaps that might work.

 But we will lose Ruijerd's trust. We cannot betray our allies.

 This is a poor plan.

 3) Hand over the money obediently and think of something later.

 This is all based on luck, and even if we can quickly find a solution later, Nokopara got to know our fighting strength.

 In order not to let us go, he might set down a double layered, or even triple layered trap so we cannot escape from the city or him.

 This is a poor plan.

 No good. Every plan is a poor plan.

 These bad ideas might as well be from a sleeping person.

 What should I do?

 The easiest is option 2, but this is probably the worst move. If we use this there will not be any next move. Betraying them means cutting off Ruijerd's trust, and Ruijerd will never believe in me again. Option 2 is not possible, it absolutely must not be used.

 Option 1 is not possible. There is no meaning to it, and we will destroy all our efforts that we have done so far. Even if this is the merciful Magical continent where killing someone is not a big deal, killing someone this once, will end up history repeating itself in the future for similar incidents.

 I do not want to walk down this bloody road.

 I do not have that determination.

 Option 3 is even worse off. Giving that bastard money will mean that we have acknowledged our misdeeds. This is something that absolutely cannot be done. And during the time where we are blackmailed might end up with two or three additional crimes added on. And we will be forced with even more unreasonable requests.

 If it's me, I will demand Eris's body.

 If that happens, it will ultimately end with killing Nokopara.

 That's not right, the only option left is 3? No, no, if I pick option 3 I might as well pick option 1.

 I can only kill Nokopara and his gang?

 Can I do it……

 Is that the only option……?

 I, am going to kill someone?

 What about the others who are lurking somewhere? Let Ruijerd search for them? How? Even if it's Ruijerd, if we do not know who to search for, we probably cannot find them.

 Perhaps we should stop being adventurers? Even if there's no qualification we can still survive. I still know how to save money on this continent.

 No, if I decide on this, what about Jaril and Veskel? If they investigate it, the pet kidnappings might possibly be divulged. We have earned enough to leave the city, but they are different. They are residing in this city, and if people know they kidnapped pets, they will be chased out of the city right? They are not capable of living in the plains, so in the end it will end up as betraying them right?

 How about helping them out if they are chased out of the city?

 Impossible. We are already driven to edge ourselves. We are unable to do that

 No, now that things have ended this way, I need to have the determination to walk down this bloody road.

 Quickly think back on your goal. It's to send Eris back. For her sake, even if it's Ruijerd or Jaril or Veskel, everyone must be betrayed. Even if Eris despises me that is fine, even if I am unable to face Paul or Roxy that is fine!

 I will use Water Saint Magic to flood this city. During the chaos I will take Eris and escape from here, give up on being Adventurers. Even if I have do all sorts of bad things I will fulfill my goals.

 I will do it.

 Part 4

 After setting my heart down, I gather Mana into my hand, when I suddenly notice Nokopara's expression change.

 [Hey……… Ah……]

 The horse-face instantly becomes pale, and his legs shiver.

 He is not looking at me but behind me. I turn back and discover Ruijerd's figure. He is drenched, and the vase that's placed in the inn's window has fallen on its side.

 [R, Ruijerd-san?]

 My eyes are presented with glittering emerald-like colors.

 The blue dye has been washed off by the water, and the wet emerald-like hair is glittering.

 He has released the hook from the hood covering his forehead.

 The red Magic stone on his forehead is exposed.

 Standing there with a raging expression, the Devil warrior exists.

 [Su, su, su, Superd……]

 Nokopara falls on his butt.

 [I am Dead End's Ruijerd Superdia. Since my identity has been revealed it can't be helped. I'll kill everyone.]

 His terrible acting is done in a monotone voice.

 But, the killing intent is the real thing.

 [Kyaaaaaa!]

 Someone screams.

 Girls, boys and old people,everyone drops whatever they're doing, then screams and scatters.

 In the chaos, Jaril is the first to betray us, yelling, [I was threatened! It has nothing to do with me! We're not allies!], and runs off with Veskel.

 In the chaos, Kurt is unable to move because of the fear. He recalls the memories where he spoke sharply at Ruijerd, then pales and pees on the ground.

 I am unable to understand at all why these people are so frightened, just because his hair colored changed.

 Also, were you guys not fine earlier? Kurt too, you just praised Ruijerd, and wanted to become like him. Were you not looking at him with respect just then?

 And yet, why is everyone frightened from looking at his hair color?

 Looking at Eris, she clearly does not know what happened. She is the same as usual carrying her signature pose, and completely calm. She's quietly looking with her eyes opened wide.

 She's completely calm.

 Some of the people around us run away, some collapse onto the floor, some pull out their swords with their legs trembling.

 There are all kinds of people, and everyone is frightened.

 The figure of the [Dead End]. That is merely it.

 His mere change in hair color has frightened everyone to this degree. This situation where fear has been struck into everyone's heart.

 Hah. I feel like laughing. What have I been doing up to this point? Just looking at his hair ended with things becoming like this. What is the use of my own efforts?

 My thinking is just stupid. Just because Eris is fine with it, the Migurd's race is also fine with it, and thus everyone will be fine with it?

 Futile.

 The Superd's bad reputation is not about reputation.

 They are a symbol of fear.

 How is one going to change this?

 Useless. Hopeless.

 It cannot be done.

 [………]

 Ruijerd walks to Nokopara amongst the screaming voices.

 [You cur…… Your name is Nokopara right?]

 He grabs the front of his shirt and easily lifts Nokopara who appears relatively heavy.

 [Ruijerd-san! You mustn't kill him!]

 I am still calling him out even though things have turned out this way.

 You must not kill him. If you kill someone under this situation, you will inflict a wound on the Dead End's name that will never be healed for the rest of your life.

 But have things finally reached the boiling point?

 To persuade him now is already too late.

 That's enough.

 Kill him, Ber-ser-K*r!

 [S…… Sorry…… I…… I didn't think you're the real deal! S… Spare me! Please spare my life! I beg you!]

 [……]

 The furious Ruijerd.

 The trembling Nokopara.

 『Hey, what happened?』

 Eris suddenly asks me and I calmly reply.

 『The worst situation has happened.』

 『Do something!』

 『My apologies, I am unable to do anything.』

 『If you are unable to do anything, then it means we can't do anything else!』

 Eris easily gives up. I too have given up. There is nothing else that can be done.

 This is all my fault. I thought I could settle this even if I got found out. With this superficial thinking, I thought it would turn out fine no matter what happens.

 In the end, everything crumbled into pieces.

 Now that things have turned out this way, I can only act on my original plan, treat everything as if nothing has ever happened, use Water Saint Rank Magic and wash everything away.

 Just kidding. Ha ha ha.

 [P… Please help me… I… I still have 7 starving kids who are 3 years old!]

 Nokopara has turned incoherent. No matter how you look at it, it's a bunch of hogwash. If it is me who's doing it, I would have done it better.

 [……… I will leave this city. So you should forget all of these things.]

 But Ruijerd forgives him. As expected talking about kids is very effective.

 [T… T… Th, thank you.]

 Nokopara's face has "I'm saved." written all over it, but convulses when he hears the following words.

 [But, try stripping us of our Adventurers' qualifications, when we get to the next town.]

 Ruijerd uses the tip of the spear to cut across Nokopara's face.

 Nokopara's pants instantly become wet and the area behind his butt quickly grows in size.

 [Don't think that I'm unable to enter this city…… Understand?]

 Nokopara nods with his life on the line, and Ruijerd lets go of his hands.

 Nokopara falls onto the ground with a disgusting squelch.

 Part 5

 In the end Ruijerd got chased out of the town, carrying all the blame with him.

 That's too harsh.

 Ruijerd left us behind. The guards came over to ask what happened, and I argued that this was not Ruijerd's fault, but they made their own conclusion that because we are children we were coerced.

 Ruijerd had made evil plans, and we were used by him. They were uncertain about the contents of those plans, but in any case they made the conclusion they had avoided the worst case scenario.

 The people surrounding us cast sympathetic looks, gazes that treated us as children who did not know anything and got used.

 This made me furious. What did Ruijerd do wrong? Everything was my doing right? All of these outcomes were created with my own hands right?

 We went back to the inn and immediately packed our things, then left with what little luggage we had.

 If we did not hurry, perhaps Ruijerd would leave. In any case, we were unable to stay in this town.

 Nokopara was still alive, and he said he had allies. We were still people who did illegal things. If things cooled down, Ruijerd would be unable to help us the next time.

 [I say, Rudeus……]

 Kurt addresses me when we walk out of the inn. He carries a perplexed expression, as though he has no idea what to talk about.

 [Why are you together with that?]

 [What do you mean by "that", think about who saved you. You even wet your pants because you're afraid, how are you going to become famous?]

 [No…… that…… Sorry……]

 No, I cannot be angry at him. This guy did talk good things about us.

 [My apologies, Kurt. I went overboard.]

 [No, that's fine. I did wet my pants.]

 Kurt is really a good person.

 Eris hides her hands behind her back and glares at him.

 [Kurt, I have a request, and I'll treat it as payment for saving you.]

 [Go ahead.]

 Kurt nods earnestly.

 [Ruijerd is not a bad person. Something happened in the past that caused him to be feared, but he's a good person. After we leave this town, advertise that.]

 [Ah, alright. I understand, he's the one who saved my life.]

 Part 6

 Arriving at the Adventurer's guild, we remove Jaril and Veskel from 『Dead End』, and at the same time requested the staff to give them a message.

 [Since things have turned out this way, thanks for helping us. 『He』 also thanks you. Please tell them this.]

 They betrayed us at the final moment, but that is something that cannot be helped. With how things turned out, the only way for them to be safe is this. At the end of the day, we have indeed been helped out by them.

 On the way to the entrance of the town, I buy a reptile that looks like a lizard used specifically for transport.

 This is a charming lizard that has 6 legs and a pair of sharp eyes. It is used in the Magic continent with the purpose of pulling carriages. It easily allows two grown adults to ride on it and costs 10 Iron coins, which is about half the wealth we possess now.

 But we had already decided to buy it before leaving town. (!)

 We had heard before the difference of using it and not using it when moving around the Magic Continent. After hearing from the owner on how to control it, we pack our luggage onto it and ride it out of town.

 There are many soldiers gathered at the entrance. Perhaps they are planning to venture outside the walls to eliminate Ruijerd.

 Amongst them are the familiar Lizard-faced and Pig-faced guards. Their faces are pale and at the same time show signs of excitement.

 After greeting them, we receive the warning "『Dead End』 had just exited town", and we needed to be careful.

 After that, they said Dead End is the devil, and is planning something in town.

 They clearly have not seen Ruijerd, but declared him as evil with the ambiguous talk about him.

 [That man has walked freely in this town for 2 months, and nothing happened.]

 I am unable to stop myself and say that.

 The guards' faces are written with [Huh?].

 I glare at the two of them, scoff and walk out of town.

 My heart feels like it has been stabbed.

 Part 7

 We need to meet up with Ruijerd again. He should be nearby, no, he is definitely nearby.

 If his pride as a warrior is real, he should not abandon us…… No, he should not abandon Eris.

 [Here will be good enough.]

 We walk a distance far enough till we are unable to see the town, and I release a firework Magic into the sky.

 The sound roars through the air, the heat scattering in waves, and the light shines everywhere.

 After a while, Ruijerd still has not appeared.

 [Eris, please call for Ruijerd.]

 Eris calls out for Ruijerd with her loud voice.

 After a while the Pack Coyotes appear. The frustrated me vents my frustration on them. The surrounding boulders disintegrate into dust and become a pretty flat land.

 The Pack Coyotes turn into scraps of meat, and they will probably turn into zombies.

 Hmph, who cares.

 Those people are in the town after all.

 [Look, it's Ruijerd.]

 After the battle we see Ruijerd's figure.

 He shows an uncomfortable expression.

 Please do not show that kind of face.

 [Why didn't you appear when we called you? Are you planning to leave us without a word?]

 But what comes out from my lips is an accusatory tone.

 Even though I have not planned to do that.

 [Sorry.]

 His first word is an apology, and I feel there is no place for me to retreat to.

 No matter how I think about it, everything is my fault. I had conceitedly coerced Jaril and Veskel into becoming our allies, and believed that I was able to progress with a simple method.

 In the end when our misdeeds were revealed, I still believed that we were able to somehow get out of it. We were driven into a corner and at the very end of it all, Ruijerd covered things up for me.

 If Ruijerd did not take the blame, we might still continue to be bound in that town doing requests.

 No, Nokopara is an expert. Even without Kurt and the rest, we would still probably be cornered.

 [Why are you apologizing? The one who should apologize is me.]

 I am unable to endure any longer.

 [No, you have done everything that you should do.]

 [But-]

 [Plans are always accompanied with failures. You spend effort day and night on thinking things through. I know of this.]

 Ruijerd smiles and place his hand on my head.

 [Well, I don't know what you're thinking about. Until now I have always thought that you're thinking about planning something bad, so there are many times I am unable to control myself.]

 Ruijerd glances at Eris, nods and continues.

 [You have something to protect which you would do so desperately. Earlier, you let me see your determination when you were about to kill that bastard.]

 Earlier, ah, the moment where I wanted to flood the town.

 [The you who has something to protect, is a warrior.]

 He said I am a warrior.

 My tears are about to spill from me when I heard that.

 I am not so splendid. I am shamelessly planning on how to earn money, single-mindedly thinking about gains and losses, and even considered abandoning Ruijerd.

 To abandon a reliable ally at the final moment.

 [Ruijerd-san, I…… no, I am……]

 My sincere words. My own words.

 I cast off the armor of Keigo, and to use my own words --

 But I have no idea what to say.

 [Enough.]

 Ruijerd interrupts me.

 [You do not need to mind me.]

 [Eh?]

 [Don't worry. Even if I can't restore my reputation, I will protect you. Trust me. No, please give me your trust.]

 I trust you.

 I believe you.

 It's fine even if I don't do it.

 I see, restoring Ruijerd's reputation is indeed difficult. Currently if there are two goals, our actions will become unclear and illogical.

 Recently I have been stressed a lot, and there are things that I did not consider. They are plans that I could have thought about, but the resulting conclusion is today's failure.

 Therefore there is no need for me to do this.

 But this is something that I cannot agree upon.

 I have witnessed that scene. If they were not so afraid, it would have been a scene where they picked up stones and hurled them at us.

 But I am unable to say something like, oh is that so, then please wait outside the next town.

 [No, I must clear Ruijerd-san's infamy.]

 Instead of this, I should renew my determination.

 At least let me repay this debt of gratitude.

 [You're really obstinate. Do you really have this little faith in me.]

 [I believe you. That is why I'm repaying you.]

 Concerning me, I had been bullied in the past. I had suffered the pain of being stuck with a hateful tag, leaving me alone in a world where I had nobody else for decades.

 If Roxy did not bring me out, I would not have met Sylphy and Eris.

 Ruijerd's case is different from mine. The scale is completely different. I understand that.

 But that cannot be the reason I forsake him.

 I am unable to do something like Roxy by accomplishing it unconsciously; the only thing that I can do is to crawl ahead through this mud of failures.

 Perhaps Ruijerd might feel troubled over this, and result in today's failure again, or perhaps it may aid Ruijerd.

 But doing something is always better than doing nothing.

 […… You're really stubborn.]

 [I cannot be compared to Ruijerd-san.]

 [Hah. Then, please treat me favorably.]

 Ruijerd smiles wryly, and quietly nods.

 I don't know why, I feel that now I have truly established mutual trust with Ruijerd.

 Part 8

 The next morning.

 I find Ruijerd has turned into a baldie after waking up.

 I'm dumbfounded.

 Or should I say scared?

 Coupled with the scars on his face makes him look like a Yakuza.

 [After this incident, I understand that people are afraid of my hair.]

 It seems like he has set forth a great deal of resolution.

 To my own common sense, shaving one's head represents reflection and determination.

 In this world, this common sense does not exist.

 But even though there isn't……

 I feel like I need to shave my own hair off, to reflect upon my actions.

 Since Ruijerd has done so, should I make myself bald too?

 No, yet, but……

 [Hey, Eris. Should I do something like that?]

 [You can't, I like Rudeus' hair after all.]

 I use Eris as a refuge.

 I laugh at the useless me.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
