Volume 4  2 — Crossing Paths - First Part

Volume 4 Chapter 2 - Crossing Paths - First Part

 

 Part 1

 The next day after I received advice from the Hitogami.

 I bought some skewered food similar to yakitori from a stall and started wandering around back alleyways.

 The only thing I have on me are just these skewers.

 The skewers had something like scallops, mussels, and seasoned fish.

 Also, a number of marine products which I couldn't really figure out.

 Buy food from a stall, even if you say that, he didn't really specify what kind.

 Therefore, I went with the easiest thing to carry.

 Last time I put too much thought into matters.

 If an amateur tries to arrange and cook something it will just end in failure.

 If I try to think about it too much, I'll get stuck not knowing what to do.

 This time conversely, I'll just honestly obey and see what happens.

 Just as I was told, I bought some food and now I'm just wandering around the back alleys, looking for an event.

 Mindlessly.

 This is role playing.

 What is about to happen is nothing but a coincidental happening.

 No need to think about it deeply, just obediently follow through with it.

 That guy prefers interesting events.

 The fact that I'm over thinking things is exactly what he's aiming for.

 If I just obediently obey then he won't find it interesting.

 Just as I was thinking that and wandered around for a number of minutes, I suddenly realized.

 "Wait? Isn't this going exactly as he predicted though?"

 I thought I had been tricked.

 Through his skillful art of conversation, I'm perfectly moving along with his predictions.

 If I think about it I realize, it's really an irritating way of speaking.

 It feels like you're dancing on the palms of his hands.

 Remember the original intention.

 My feelings during our first meeting.

 I know for a fact that I should absolutely not trust him.

 Alright, this will be the last time I move along with his plans.

 This time I'll just wait and see what happens as I go along with his advice, but next time I will absolutely not obey.

 I already don't want to go along with his wishes anymore, so this is it.

 Part 2

 Walking around in a back alley.

 Alone.

 I wondered why it needed to be alone.

 That should be where the truth behind this advice comes up.

 A development that wouldn't happen if Ruijerd and Eris were here.

 No need to think about it too deeply.

 I would be happy if it was an erotic development, I'll go while hoping for something along those lines.

 I told Ruijerd and Eris that we're acting separately for a day.

 Since it's Eris, it would be dangerous to go out alone so I asked Ruijerd to guard her as well.

 About this time, those two could be having a good time on the beach.

 "Wait? Wouldn't that be a date?"

 Following along with my flow of thoughts, I imagined the shadow of two people on a sandy beach.

 Nono.

 That can't be.

 Ca…ca…ca…calm down.

 It's that Eris and that Ruijerd.

 There's no way it's that sort of sexy story.

 It's babysitting, babysitting.

 Ah!

 Though Ruijerd is strong!

 Eris seems to respect Ruijerd as well!

 Recently I've been treated as just The Owner too!

 No way.

 Why am I getting worried.

 Fuuuu.

 It's alright, right Ruijerd-san.

 This won't become netorare, right?

 It's alright, right?

 After I return you two won't become strangely close, right?

 I…I'm trusting in you!

 For the time being, I start to simulate fighting against Ruijerd for the first time.

 I don't stand a chance in close combat.

 In order to get rid of him, the first thing I would need to do is move two times the distance out of his search ability with the gem on his head.

 Then in order to defeat him, use water.

 The flow of water is a hindrance to him.

 In order to pay out that punishment, I need to cut him off with water.

 I'll create a large amount of water and then just like that push him down into the ocean, the end.

 I'll have him drift until he dies.

 Kukuku.

 Please don't be mistaken.

 I believe in Ruijerd.

 However, how do I put it.

 Look, it's like that.

 Don't they say love is a war?

 Part 3

 The back alleys were peaceful.

 Normally when you think of a back alley, you get the image of a gathering place for all sorts of bad people.

 In reality, if a child like me who is pure, helpless and sincere were to walk through one it would immediately catch the eyes of kidnappers.

 In this world kidnapping is one of the most popular and profitable crimes after all.

 If anyone comes to abduct me, I'll crush their arms and legs then interrogate them for information, take everything of value they have on them, then turn them over to the authorities.

 "Hehehe, little girl, if you come with me I'll let you eat until your stomach is full."

 I heard that voice coming from the back alley.

 I suddenly peeked through to look.

 A man with a scary looking face was pulling on the arm of a young girl sitting down against the wall.

 It's certainly a very easy to understand composition.

 First move wins.

 I prepared my staff and did modifications to my Stone Cannon that would put it at about the level of a jab from a pro boxer.

 Then fired off a rock bullet at the man's back.

 During this past year I've gotten quite good at going easy like this.

 "Ouch?!"

 After he turned around I fired one more shot.

 This time it was just a bit stronger.

 "Ga?!?"

 Bagan! A good sound came out and the rock hit the man directly in the face making a cracking sound.

 The man started to stagger about unsteadily dragging his body and then he fell over.

 He shouldn't be dead.

 It seems like I did a good job at holding back.

 "Are you alright, young lady?"

 I put on as much of a refreshing face as I could, and held out a hand to the girl who was about to be kidnapped.

 "O…oh??"

 It was a little girl dressed in a risque, black leather styled outfit.

 Boots that come up to her knees. Leather short-shorts. A leather tube-top.

 Her collarbone, curveless waist, navel and thighs - all of her skin is pale.

 And finally her most noticeable features; voluminous and wavy violet hair, and horns like a goat.

 I understood the moment I saw her.

 It's a succubus.

 Not only that but a little girl.

 Without a doubt she should be younger than me.

 Could this possibly be a reward the Hitogami is giving me for giving it my best.

 That guy can occasionally do some good things it seems.

 No, it shouldn't be a succubus.

 In this world the succubus related species are considered a type of monster.

 If I remember correctly it's a monster that inhabits the Begaritto Continent.

 I remember back to when Paul said in an unusually serious face, "Our family cannot win against them."

 I'm sure if I were to actually meet a succubus I would lose to its technique and be exhausted by it.

 Succubus are the Greyrat family's natural enemy.

 Well, putting that aside.

 There's no monsters in the middle of the town.

 In other words, she is not a succubus.

 She should just be a child from a normal demon race wearing erotic clothing.

 "O…ohhh! Yo… you bastard, what have you doneeeee??! Look at what you have done!"

 The little girl was trembling all over.

 "Th…this man was… this man you know…?!"

 She made an unbelievable face.

 What have you done? What are you going to do about this? Sort of face.

 "Ah, sorry about that, was he an acquaintance?"

 Is what I asked while tilting my head.

 It wasn't the sort of feeling and face a normal middle aged man would speak with to an acquainted child.

 How do I put it, it was more like the exact feeling of an aroused middle aged lolicon.

 Look at this bright red face, even after he's lost consciousness he still has that loose smile.

 He may have been about to take the little girl home and feed her an extravagant meal and offer a warm bed, but in return he would have requested a hot night, that sort of feeling.

 "This man was going to feed this one with an empty stomach fo… food!!"

 I heard a loud gurgling noise from somewhere.

 It was a sound like the ground was rumbling.

 Just as that sound was about to end the little girls knees gave out and she fell to the ground.

 "Are…are you alright?"

 Without thinking about it I crouched down and picked her up.

 I wouldn't let a justified reason to touch a little girl pass me by.

 However, don't be mistaken.

 I came to save her on the orders of the Hitogami.

 Different from that middle aged man just now.

 "Gu?? Ugh? It's been 300 years since this one revived. To think this one would fall in this sort of place? This one cannot let Laplace know about this matter!"

 Somehow a strange self play started up.

 Could it be that this outfit is some sort of cosplay?

 "Fo…for the time being, eat this and get a hold of yourself."

 I shoved three of the skewers I had prepared into the mouth of the little girl.

 "Mogyumogyumogyu"

 The moment they were shoved into the little girls mouth her eyes flew wide open, with her eyes open just like that she kept chewing away eating the skewered food.

 Then she even plundered the skewers I had in my hand as well.

 I still had 12 pieces left on my skewer, but 10 pieces suddenly disappeared.

 "U…u…o…oh! It's good! The first meal in a year is good!"

 The little girl regained her energy.

 She suddenly lifted her back from the ground energetically with a spring and jumped up, and then stood on the ground after a single rotation.

 Her physical ability must be surprisingly high it seems.

 "This one has been saved, saved! You! With this, this one should be able to last another year!"

 Then at that point the little girl's eyes finally met with mine.

 It was an odd set of eyes that had a mix of purple and black.

 I wonder if this is some sort of cosplay as well.

 No, there shouldn't be any contacts in existence in this world.

 Her eyes should have originally been like this.

 "Oh?"

 The little girls right eye spun around in a circle.

 In that moment, the color changed to blue.

 Tha…that's creepy!!

 "Uwaaa! Uwaa! What's with you? Amazing! That's disgusting! What's this, what's this?! Fuhahaha! It's the first time this one has seen something like this!"

 After seeing my face the little girl started to say that while jumping around energetically.

 Yeah, it's a shock of course.

 It's the first time in a while since anyone has looked at my face and called me disgusting.

 However, I also thought that she was creepy.

 I'll just call it even here.

 "Is it that? During the time it was in the stomach it was a twin, then when it was born one half died, is that it?"

 What?

 What is she saying?

 "No, I don't think that is the case."

 "Really?"

 "Yeah."

 "Still your magic power quantity!! It's above Laplace you know."

 What is higher than who?

 "Well, it's fine! Name yourself!"

 "I'm Rudeus Greyrat."

 "Alright! This one is called Kishirika Kishirisu! A.K.A. THE GREAT EMPRESS OF THE DEMON REALM!"

 With her hands on her hips, and her pelvis thrust forward, she threw out her chest with pride.

 Suddenly seeing thighs in front of my eyes, I reflexively licked her.

 It smells but it's sweet.

 "Uhyaa! What are you doing!? That's dirty!"

 The little girl started to glare at me as she clamped her legs together and started rubbing them.

 However, I see now.

 Great Empress of the Demon Realm, Kishirika Kishirisu.

 Even I've heard that name before.

 In the Human-Demon Great War, the one who lead the magic race, fought, and was easily crushed, the immortal Demon Empress.

 I wonder if it's the real thing.

 I came here following the advice of that Hitogami.

 There is the possibility that she is the real Great Demon Empress.

 However, would the real Demon Empress be in this sort of place in the middle of nowhere on the Magic Continent, furthermore collapsing from starvation.

 No matter how you look at it, that can't be the case.

 That's right.

 This must be like where the children of the Magic Continent go around playing, pretending to be great people of the past.

 And the especially popular one is the Demon God Laplace.

 For someone like me who knows the truth, he's a disgusting and evil bastard but that guy is popular.

 Even though he did lose the war, he subjugated the Magic Continent, gathered together the demon races and brought them status, then brought about peace.

 The demon races greatest man in history, is how it's been told.

 What the children usually go around imitating is the story of Laplace.

 Especially, the episode where he fights the immortal demon king, until we came here to Wind Port it was something I saw a number of times.

 Great Demon Empress Kishirika as well, is a great being if you can call it a great being.

 However, probably because it's from a much older era I've almost never seen make believe play of her.

 This child is certainly a passionate fan of the Great Demon Empress and she has no friends to play together with, so she was playing alone in this back alley.

 Thinking of it that way is smart.

 Hmm.

 Being alone is lonely right.

 It can't be helped I'll play along as well.

 "Wa, wa ha! Please excuse me! Your majesty!"

 I started acting out in exaggeration and bowed over on one knee similar to a retainer.

 "O? O… oh! That's good, that's good! This one has always waited for that sort of response! The young ones these days don't have any manners after all!"

 Yes, yes, Kishirika started to nod happily.

 Yes, yes.

 That's right, I'm sure you wanted someone to play along with you.

 "Please forgive my rudeness for I did not know you had revived and acted in an impolite manner!"

 "It's fine. You have saved this ones life. It's fine if you ask for any one desire."

 Saved your life… I just gave you some food when you were hungry, right?

 "Ummm? Then, I want great riches."

 "Idiot! This one is totally broke just as it looks!"

 Even though you said anything?

 No, I guess it's that sort of setting.

 If you were to ask for money, then there would be an episode later where you're forced to pay it back.

 "Then, please give me half of the world."

 "Wha! Half of the world you say! That's huge! However, half-assed. Why only half?"

 "Well, since I don't really need the men."

 Oh that's bad, I let out a bit of my true intentions.

 It's not something to tell a little girl about.

 "I see, this one understands it now? Even though you're still young, you're a lustful one. However, sorry. To tell you the truth, this one hasn't acquired the world either you know?"

 Well, all of the wars Kishirika lead the demon races in were lost after all.

 "Then, your body is fine. Pay me back with your body."

 "Oh? With this body? Even at that age you're that lustful, I'm worried for your future."

 "Haha, of course that was a jo-…"

 A joke, I was about to say, when Kishirika started to put her hands on her hot pants.

 "Really, it can't be helped. It's the first time since this one has revived, be gentle, okay?"

 Kishirika's cheeks started to change color and she started to unfasten the button on her hot pants.

 Eh? Seriously?

 I just meant it as a joke though…

 No, but, this isn't the sort of atmosphere where you can say it's a joke.

 This is where I should just carefully appreciate it as the little girl strips, then after enjoying the sensation of holding on to her majesty, gently reject her, is the correct way of doing things.

 "Oh, wait, this one can't do that."

 However, Kishirika stopped.

 Don't stop, just a bit more and it could have been seen.

 "This time this one's fiance is here as well. Sorry, but this one cannot offer you this body."

 The pants that had been pulled down were pulled back up again.

 I feel like a man who has just had his pure heart played around with.

 Money is no good, the world is no good, the body is no good.

 "Then what can you offer?"

 "Fool, when it comes to things the Great Demon Empress Kishirika can grant one, then it's obviously demon eyes!"

 Demon eyes.

 Demon eyes, huh.

 Is it that sort of thing.

 Somehow it's kind of a different image from this world's heroes after all.

 Come to think of it, one of Ghyslaine's eyes was a demon eye wasn't it?

 However, demon eyes, huh.

 "When you say demon eyes, do you mean, 'Has the ability to see the opponent's Lines of Death, and cutting along those to deliver them certain death' - those kind of demon eyes?"

 "Scary!! What is that! This one doesn't have anything scary like that!"

 That doesn't seem to be the case.

 After that the only other demon eyes I know of are the kind that turn the opponent into stone when you look at them.

 Or the kind where beams come out of your eyes, [Eye Beam Gun], or the kind where lasers come out, [Laser Eyes], those are probably not included as demon eyes.

 "Do you really want something as dangerous as that? Do you have some sort of grudge against someone?"

 "No, not particularly."

 "Nothing can be born from revenge. This one has already been killed twice, but now this one doesn't hold any grudges against the opponent that killed this one at all. When people resent, that resentment becomes a chain. Then things like the Human-Demon great war happen."

 I was being preached to by the little girl.

 Well, it's not like I'm particularly planning on cutting any vampires apart, so she doesn't really have to lecture me.

 "Or rather, I don't really know much about the demon eyes. What kinds are there?"

 "Humu. This one has only just revived so this one doesn't have any significant ones, but Magic Power eyes, Identification eyes, X-ray eyes, Clairvoyance, Foresight, and Absorption eyes, would be ones that are famous around here."

 Even if you just tell me the names.

 "Can you please explain each of them to me?"

 "Umu? You don't know? Really now, the young ones these days don't study enough?"

 After saying that Kishirika took the time to explain each of them to me in detail.

 Magic Power Eyes

 They are eyes that allow you to see magic power directly.

 The most popular ones. 1 in 10,000 possess them.

 Identification Eyes

 When you look at something it will show you the details of that object.

 However, only within things that this one knows of. Anything that this one doesn't know will be shown as something unknown to this one.

 X-ray Eyes

 If you look you will be able to see through things like walls.

 Though you can't see through living beings or dense magic fields.

 You'll be able to see all the females naked that you want. It's just right for a lustful master.

 Clairvoyance

 It allows you to see far away. It's difficult to control the focus point.

 Since you can only see and not interfere, it's not really suggested.

 Foresight

 It's an eye that allows you to see a short distance into the future.

 This one is hard to adjust the focus point as well.

 However, it's suggested.

 Absorption Eyes

 Eyes that absorb magic power. Since they also absorb your own magic they aren't really suggested.

 Kishirika was knowledgeable about demon eyes.

 I wonder where she learned about these sorts of things.

 Maybe her parents are knowledgeable about it.

 Otherwise maybe there's some kind of book called Demon Eyes Encyclopedia.

 "Then, let's go with two and make both eyes demon eyes."

 "Suddenly going with both, you, are surprisingly greedy aren't you?"

 "Here, I'll give you the last bit of meat."

 I passed her the last two pieces on the skewer and Kishirika received it with a full face smile.

 "Yay… mogumogu. However, it's fine to give you both, but this one wouldn't really suggest it."

 "Why?"

 "It'll trouble you if you can't see through them normally, generally you keep your field of vision sealed with an eye-patch. If you have to cover both eyes you won't be able to see."

 "Ah, come to think of it I've seen something like that from an acquaintance of mine."

 Ghyslaine used one as well.

 After all what Ghyslaine had should have been a demon eye.

 "If you've been alive for several hundred years you might be able to control it, but if this one suddenly gives both eyes to a child like you then it'll drive you mad."

 I'll go mad, huh?

 After all, I guess it would put some kind of burden on your brain.

 How frightening.

 "Then, I'll give up on both eyes."

 "That's for the best. Then what will you do? This one suggested foresight."

 Demon eyes, huh, if I could get my hands on one, which would be good.

 The magic power eyes seem like a bit of waste.

 It seems like quite a few people already have them after all.

 Unexpectedly, though they could be quite useful.

 I don't really need the identification eyes.

 I've never been troubled over not knowing about things.

 Moreover, it doesn't know about things that the Great Demon Empress doesn't know it seems.

 I can imagine it not being useful at the times when you need it the most.

 I don't particularly need the X-ray vision either.

 Until I can learn to control it, it seems like I would end up seeing Ruijerd nude as well.

 The clairvoyance seems like it could be useful.

 Though for the time being I don't really feel like I need it.

 If I was given it right now, I could see what is going on with Eris and Ruijerd, but I'm sure the usual scene of Eris getting into a fight with someone and Ruijerd going to stop it would enter my vision.

 Foresight is… I see, certainly that one seems to be a good suggestion.

 Currently, I can't win against Ruijerd or Eris in close combat.

 The living things in this world are fast after all.

 If I could see a moment into the future, that sort of thing would be a huge advantage to me.

 The absorption eyes are out of the question.

 They would kill my advantage as a magician.

 Though I'm glad I was able to learn about the demon eyes like this.

 If all of a sudden all of my abilities were being cancelled out I could have gone into panic and been in danger.

 If I think about it seriously, then all of them are dependent on how they are used.

 Well, anything works really.

 It's just make believe play after all.

 "Then, I'll go with the suggestion."

 "Is it fine? The majority of people have gone with different ones than the ones this one has suggested. Saying 'what can be done if you can only see just a little bit into the future?' like that."

 "If you can see one second into the future, you can control the world."

 Even though I say that, the swordsmen in this world are fast.

 Even if you could see one second into the future, it's possible you won't win.

 There's that [Sword of Light] thing as well.

 "Is it fine not to get the X-ray vision? You could look at all the females naked you want."

 She doesn't get it, this little girl.

 Certainly, just walking down the road you could see beauties and young women naked all you want and it would be exciting.

 However, that's exactly it.

 It would quickly become boring.

 In regards to that, the process of taking off the clothes and imagining what they'll look like when they're off is part of the enjoyment.

 The pocchi who rises up to the top of clothes, won't be able to enjoy it without being able to see the clothes you know?

 "I see I see, then I'll just borrow your face really quick."

 "Yes."

 "Here, ready?"

 Kishirika suddenly stuck her fingers into my right eye.

 I experienced an intense pain.

 "Gu gia????Aaa!!!"

 Without thinking about it I tried to run away.

 However, I was caught by Kishirika's hair and unable to run away.

 Surprisingly strong.

 Ouch ouch ouch ouch!

 "Ga? Aaa?! Wh…what are you doing you brat?!"

 "Shut up will you, you're a boy right? Endure it for a bit."

 She was tampering away in my eye socket with her fingers with a grinding sensation.

 After a little while passed, she completely pulled it out.

 I've certainly lost the sight in that eye now.

 "The color of the foresight eye is a bit different from your own though you won't be able to tell from a distance."

 "You idiot! There are things you can and cannot do even when just playing around!"

 "This one is the Great Demon Empress, this one wouldn't give demon eyes while just playing around."

 Damn it, my eye, my eye is???

 Ah??? Oh?

 I can see.

 Things have become doubled, but I can see.

 What's this, it feels disgusting.

 "It depends on how you control the flow of magic power in it, but you should be able to make the flow as thin as possible. Well, give it your best and train in using it."

 "Ah? Eh? What do you mean?"

 "It means it depends on you."

 In front of the confused me, Kishirika looked totally satisfied.

 There was an afterimage remaining in place of the nod.

 However, rather than an afterimage the silhouette was deeper.

 What's with this, it feels disgusting.

 "Alright this is good, you can properly see it seems. Now then, it's about time this one heads off. This one must search for Badigadi. In regards to the meal, it was a great justice."

 After saying that Kishirika jumped up onto the roof.

 "Well then, see you Rudeus! It's fine if you rely on this one if you're in trouble again sometime! Fahahahahahaha! Fahahahah! Fahahahahafuagahogeho??!"

 Leaving behind a Doppler effect, she disappeared into the distance while laughing out loud.

 I just kept staring blankly.

 Eh?

 The real thing?

 Just like this I obtained a [Foresight] eye.

 Part 4

 Middle Aged Man's Point of View

 "Ugh, my head hurts."

 I drank too much yesterday.

 I finished the first stage of a long job and went partying with my colleagues.

 We drank until morning.

 We drank so much that we thought the shop would run out.

 Then, I have no memory.

 All the memories after I left the shop seem to be a bit vague.

 If I remember correctly, I went down one of the back roads in order to take a shortcut.

 That's right.

 Then there was a little girl sitting down there.

 After talking to her she said she was hungry.

 Since I was in a good mood I invited her to my house.

 My wife should have prepared some breakfast.

 Unfortunately, my intoxication still remains so I wouldn't have been able to eat it.

 If I leave the food my wife prepares then she'll get angry.

 If I were to let this girl eat it, my wife shouldn't get angry.

 In my head while drunk it seemed like a great idea.

 Yeah, from that point on I don't have any memory.

 It seems like I drank until I passed out.

 My wallet is? Still here.

 I haven't been stripped of my possessions.

 After looking at the sky, the sun is still high in the sky.

 Well, I am a pretty well known person in this town after all.

 There shouldn't be anyone in the town who sees this scary face and doesn't realize who I am.

 Moreover, yesterday, we finally finished a new ship, all the people around town should know about it.

 Of course, they should know about the first launch celebration as well.

 Surely, they decided to just leave me be as I was sleeping here so peacefully.

 "Wait, isn't it already midday? Ah? This will put my wife in a bad mood!"

 The Shipbuilding Guild chief Bakkasu Randasu hurried down the road home with his head aching from a hangover.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
