Volume 4  5 — Demon in the Storehouse

Volume 4 Chapter 5 - Demon in the Storehouse

 

 Part 1

 Port city Saint Port.

 It is a town that is known to look very similar to Wind Port.

 A town with many hills and slopes, the energy is focused more around the harbor than anywhere else.

 It's just the same in that the Adventurer's Guild is closer to the port than the center of the town as well.

 However, there are several points in which it differs.

 First is that there are far more wooden buildings than in Wind Port.

 Maybe it's a counter against the sea breeze, but they are covered in colorful paint.

 The town has a number of streets lined up throughout and, if you look outside the town, you can see a large forest spreading into the distance.

 There's a lot of green.

 Compared to the large amounts of white, gray, and brown in the Magic Continent, it's almost enough to blind you.

 With just a small difference of ocean between them, it's almost like a different world.

 In any case, as expected of Milis Continent.

 The appearances of the people walking by are quite varied, but not mixed with demon races, instead there's beast races, elves, dwarves, haflings, all different races that are closer to the human race in looks.

 Now then, in regards to looking for an inn, first we should confirm how much money we have on hand.

 In terms of Magic Continent's currency, it would be 2 small green coins, 18 iron coins, 5 scrap iron coins, 3 stone coins.

 We're carrying just that much.

 If we exchange that, it's 3 Milis Gold Coins, 7 Milis Large Copper Coins, and 2 Milis Copper Coins.

 Is how it becomes.

 It's a bit less than I imagined, but it seems there's a handling charge.

 Otherwise if we weren't involved with the guild and tried to exchange currency, more would probably have been taken.

 Since that's the case, this much is still within an acceptable range.

 "It would be good if we can get an inn closer to the Adventurers Guild."

 That's right, it wouldn't be good if we can't get any jobs."

 Starting tomorrow, we'll be staying here for another week and raising Dead End's reputation some more as we complete jobs.

 After listening to some stories, it seems the name "Dead End" isn't very well known around Milis Continent.

 It seems the day when we can't make use of our established reputation is close.

 While thinking that, we start to look for an inn in the vicinity of the guild.

 However, as mysterious as it was, all of the inns with a reasonable price had no vacancies.

 This is the first time it's happened.

 There have been a number of full inns, but never before have the majority of the inns had no rooms.

 It can't be that there's some sort of festival or something going on.

 After thinking that I asked the innkeeper about it.

 "The rainy season is going to come soon. All of the main inns are most likely already full."

 That was the case.

 The rainy season is a special kind of weather that happens in the Great Forest on Milis Continent, for about three months a great rain will continue to fall.

 The great forest will be massively flooded, and of course you won't be able to take the highway.

 Since that's the case, there's a large number of customers who reserve the inns for a long period.

 Normally, you would avoid coming around this area during the rainy season.

 Is what I was thinking, but it seems a variety of monsters specific to the rainy season will flow down to the town frequently.

 And then the materials from those sell for a high price.

 Since that's the case, a large number of adventurers come to stay in this town during this season it seems.

 It's a story that is of benefit to us as well.

 If we work hard here for three months to save up money, we could earn enough to cover all that we need from here on out.

 Also, we can sell Ruijerd's name while were at it.

 And then if we have this, starting the journey through Milis Continent will be that much easier.

 But that's counting the chickens before they hatch.

 We don't really have all that much flexibility with our current budget and we can't find an inn.

 The only places that seem like they have rooms available are inns which are far more expensive or far cheaper than we normally use.

 We can't spend money we don't have, so the former is no good.

 In terms of results, it seems we'll have to live in a place with not very good guys.

 To be blunt, we're forced to stay in an inn in the slum district.

 One night, 3 large copper coins.

 Meals are separate, there are no complementary services.

 It's cheap, but it's not bad for a place just to sleep.

 On the Magic Continent, we stayed at a number of inns far worse than this.

 Even though I say that, if we think about the lifestyle from the following three months, then it depends on our funds, it might be better to move somewhere else.

 "Hnnn, it's a decent inn!"

 For the most part Eris is a young lady of noble birth, but it seems she's not bothered by the age or bad service.

 Rather, it's almost to the point where I have complaints.

 "In my opinion, I'd like to have stayed in a bit of a better place."

 "Rudeus is selfish."

 I don't want to hear that from Eris.

 Though I can't talk back.

 If I remember really, really far back then this young lady would be covered in louses and fall into a deep sleep in a pile of straw in a stable that smelt of horse dung.

 She remained deep asleep even after having her chest groped.

 She's different from me who still wants to sleep in a warm and soft bed even after reincarnating.

 Since that's the case, I can't really speak about selfishness.

 The only thing I can do is send a hot wind through the bed in order to kill any insects that might be living in it.

 After that, we finished cleaning up the room as well.

 It's not that I like things to be pretty.

 Honestly, I prefer them to be a bit messy.

 Although, in an inn like this, sometimes there're things left behind by the previous customer who stayed in it.

 Like finding a single coin lost in the cracks between the bed.

 Or a small ring that fell somewhere.

 It's not a problem if you just find money like that right? But in regards to rings sometimes you'll find jobs in the Adventurers Guild to return them.

 If you find it then they'll pay money, those sorts of jobs unrelated to rank can be completed.

 Generally they are just loose change, but it seems sometimes you'll get a high price.

 That's why, I will properly clean from the start.

 Where are the lost items? Where are the hard to find things?

 Just joking.

 During that time, Eris borrowed a bucket and does some simple washing.

 Furthermore, we quickly finish the maintenance on our equipment.

 By the time everything ends the sun is starting to set.

 "Eris it's about time we head off to meet up with Ruijerd."

 Let's go then.

 Just as I was saying that I suddenly remembered the location of this inn.

 It's close to the slums.

 The public order is bad.

 We once stayed in an inn in the vicinity of the slums on Magic Continent.

 Just as we went outside to do a job, a thief easily snuck into our room.

 Ruijerd discovered traces at that time and then took charge of pursuit and dealt a severe punishment, but since the stolen objects were already handed over to someone else, they were never returned.

 The things stolen at that time weren't anything important.

 Also, we have no intention of leaving behind anything valuable this time as well.

 However, it's still a good idea to take measures in crime prevention.

 "I'll go out and do it myself, so please take care of watching the house."

 "House-sitting? Is it not okay for me to come along?"

 "That's not the case, but since the area around here has bad public order."

 "It doesn't really matter does it, we don't really have anything important."

 How could this be.

 Eris' crime prevention awareness is way too low.

 We'll be in trouble even if they just steal daily items.

 We don't really have all that much leeway with money.

 This is where I have no choice but to definitely impose crime prevention awareness onto her.

 "Listen well now. You don't know if your freshly washed panties could be stolen."

 "The only one who would steal something like that is Rudeus!"

 I didn't let out a "Guu" sound.

 However, Eris.

 I've never once stolen panties after they've been washed, not even once you know?

 Part 2

 I was walking alone around the town at night.

 It took me two hours of preaching to talk Eris down.

 Crime prevention is really important after all.

 Now then, even though the time to receive him was at night, there was no specific time mentioned.

 It seemed like anytime would be fine after sunset and it seems like they would have continued to look after him for up to a few days as well.

 Although, Ruijerd is currently being treated as a slave.

 They should be looking after him at a minimum, but this past week Ruijerd might have received some cruel treatment.

 He's most likely not eaten anything good as well.

 Since that's the case he's most likely hungry.

 When people are hungry they get angry as well.

 If I don't hurry and go meet him then…

 I moved to the wharf while holding Ruijerd's spear in one hand.

 The place to receive smuggled goods, it seems the place to store them is skillfully hidden.

 The end of the wharf.

 There were four large warehouses made of wood lined up.

 I entered in one that had "Warehouse #3" written on it.

 Inside there was a single man minding his time as he cleaned the warehouse.

 He had the most common hairstyle at the end of the century, Mohican.

 I said to him, "Yo, Steve. Is Jen of the shore healthy?".

 I said it just as the middle man told me to.

 After looking at me the Mohican made a suspicious face.

 "What's up boy, is there something you need?"

 Well now, I wonder if I made a mistake with the password.

 No that's not it, since I'm a child, he doesn't believe it.

 "Under the orders of my master I've come to receive the cargo."

 After saying that it seems the Mohican understood it.

 He quietly nodded and said, "Follow me." as he walked further into the warehouse.

 I silently followed after him into the warehouse.

 Deep in the warehouse there was a large wooden box that could fit five people or so.

 The Mohican took a torch out from in there and then started to move the box.

 A stairway appeared from underneath the box.

 After descending from the stairs there was a damp and humid cave.

 The Mohican continued to move forward after setting fire to the torch.

 I continued to follow him while being careful not to slip.

 The cave continued for an hour.

 After we left the cave we were in a forest.

 It seems like we're outside of the town.

 After walking a little bit further from there, there was a large building surrounded by a large number of different trees.

 It had an appearance different from a warehouse, it felt more like the villa of a rich person.

 That should be the safekeeping place then.

 I wonder if it gets attacked by monsters having this building built in the middle of the forest like this.

 "I think you understand this, but don't say a word about this. If you speak of it then…"

 "I understand."

 I strongly nodded.

 If I were to tell anyone about this place, they would certainly seek me out and kill me.

 I already received that sort of explanation from the middle man over in Magic Continent.

 If you're going to go to the extent of making verbal promises, then you might as well just have it written in a blood contract or something is what I was thinking.

 I wonder why they don't do it.

 Maybe there are races that don't have blood?

 Well, both sides probably don't want to leave behind any sort of written traces of it.

 Limiting the amount of evidence that is created.

 Mohican knocked on the entrance.

 Knockknockknockknock, knockknockknock.

 There's most likely some sort of rule to this knocking method as well.

 After a short wait, a man with grey hair wearing butler-like clothes appeared.

 After looking at the Mohican and my face he shortly said, "Enter."

 I went inside.

 Right in front are stairs to the second floor. On the sides are two halls. There are doors on both the left and right.

 If you were to directly describe it, it would be similar to the lobby of a mansion.

 At the end of the lobby there was a round table, there were a number of not very nice looking guys sitting there resting their elbows on it.

 Somehow or other they look tense.

 Then the grey haired butler looked down at me with a suspicious stare.

 "Whose referral?"

 "Ditts."

 Ditts is the name of the middle man.

 "Ditts, huh. In any case, to send such a young child, they must be a wary person."

 "The goods being dealt with are what they are after all."

 "That's right, quickly take it away. I'm afraid of the danger it poses."

 After saying that the grey haired butler, took out a key-ring from his chest pocket, one of which he handed to the Mohican.

 "It's room number 202."

 Mohican silently nodded and started walking.

 I followed along with that.

 The creaking sound coming from the floor and something that sounded like moans coming from somewhere.

 The smell of a beast occasionally wafted out from somewhere.

 Suddenly there was a room that had iron bars, so I took a peek inside.

 Inside there was a shining magic circle, in the center of it was a large beast sprawled out and chained to it.

 It was dark so I couldn't tell really tell, but I've never seen such a beast even on the Magic Continent.

 I wonder if it's some sort of animal from Milis Continent.

 "Do you keep goods that you transfer from Milis Continent into Magic Continent here as well?"

 "Yeah."

 After suddenly asking that the Mohican responded.

 I wonder if there's no need to keep it hidden.

 The Mohican started to descend down some stairs.

 Since it's 202 I thought it would be on the second floor, but it seems to be a cellar.

 "A cellar, huh."

 "Upstairs is a dummy."

 It seems they kept things that wouldn't be trouble if they were found above ground.

 And then, in the cellar they kept things that would have a heavy customs tax or that would be a crime to possess or transport.

 "This is it."

 Mohican stopped in front of a door with a plate saying 202.

 Sitting in there was Ruijerd with a bit of green hair starting to grow out on his head with his hands tied up behind him.

 As expected after a full week, he's starting to get a bit of a Marimo head.

 "Sorry for the trouble."

 The Mohican nodded to my words and stood at the entrance of the room.

 For the time being I guess working as a lookout.

 "Don't take off the handcuffs here. We don't want a Superd race going wild here after all."

 The Mohican's face was a bit pale while saying that.

 It seems even when in a buzz cut, the effect of the emerald green hair works.

 If I were to simply take off the handcuffs and then listen to what Ruijerd has to say he would get even more afraid.

 No-no, I won't behave like a small man that acts arrogantly through borrowed authority.

 Now then, come to think of it where was it that I left the key.

 After looking around in my pockets I couldn't find it anywhere.

 I might have forgotten it at the inn.

 It's too much of a pain so I'll just use magic to unlock them.

 After I approached Ruijerd he was wearing a grim expression.

 After all I wonder if it's because people get angry when they are hungry.

 Wait just a bit, I'll quickly fill your stomach until it's full.

 "Rudeus, lend me your ear."

 Ruijerd quietly whispered.

 "What is it?"

 After I brought my face really close the Mohican started to panic.

 "He…hey, stop it. He'll eat you alive."

 It's fine.

 If it's Ruijerd then he would chew gently.

 Then while making an appropriate comment in my heart I brought my ear closer to Ruijerd.

 "There are children captured."

 I see.

 "Children of the beast race. It seems like they were forcefully abducted. I could hear their crying voices from here."

 "…I see."

 Children. Slaves most likely.

 Frankly speaking I don't really get how the slave system works in this world.

 What is good and what is bad, there's no distinction between them.

 Is it really in the slaves' best interests to save them here?

 If it's a child who was troubled in their life and was sold by their parents, it would just be a bother to return them to their parents.

 "I want to save them."

 Even though I say that.

 In regards to Ruijerd, children are important.

 The circumstances have no relation to our traveling together.

 That's unfortunate for you, smugglers.

 To think you would abduct some children during the time Ruijerd is here.

 "There's quite a few bodyguards within the building."

 "I already know."

 "Smugglers move as an organization."

 "Are you against it?"

 Ruijerd made a face as if he couldn't believe it.

 A face as if I had betrayed him.

 However, right now the ones doing the betraying is us.

 "They properly did their job. Wouldn't this be considered betrayal?"

 "I don't mind. If it's in order to save children, I will take on the dishonor of a traitor."

 "The one taking on that dishonor is not just Ruijerd-san, but the Superd race."

 "Mu… but… but you know?"

 Don't make that sort of face.

 I didn't say we wouldn't save them?

 I did say it after all.

 If you can't endure then just say it.

 That we have the leeway to save some children.

 I wouldn't go back on those words.

 "If you want to quickly save them, it won't be good unless we can prevent information from leaking outside."

 "Rudeus…!"

 After hearing my words Ruijerd made a face filled with pride.

 This time we'll let Ruijerd do as he likes.

 He was held locked up for a week after all.

 He must have quite the grudge built up.

 Even though I say that, if even one manages to escape, a Superd race is raging, if that sort of information makes it to the smuggling organization.

 Our names who were smuggling the Superd race, will be properly remembered by the smuggling organization.

 For customers who betray a smuggling organization they'll hire well known assassins to send after them.

 A cruel death awaits those who betray.

 Is what the middle man said.

 Something of the level of assassins aren't much as long as Ruijerd is here.

 However, it's not comfortable knowing you can't sleep soundly.

 There's no guarantee Ruijerd will always be with us as well.

 Now then, how can we go about preventing information from leaking?

 "If it's about that then you don't need to worry."

 "Do you have some sort of plan?"

 "Among all the people in this building I won't let even a single one go. It's a massacre."

 Whew, as expected of Ruijerd.

 Those are reliable words.

 Certainly if you wipe them all out it solves the problem.

 Although I wonder if it's just a bit hasty.

 "Are they enemies you absolutely cannot forgive?"

 "Yeah, to the point where my insides will boil at any moment."

 Ruijerd is extremely angry.

 What the, what in the world have you done smugglers.

 "Do you mind if I ask what happened?"

 "If you see the children you'll understand."

 Even if you say I'll know if I see them.

 "There is the option of coming back to save just the children after but…"

 "According to the story I heard from them. They plan to put the children on a boat and move them to the Magic Continent tomorrow."

 Then tomorrow is no good, huh.

 However, to massacre them.

 Massacring is just a bit.

 There should be another method.

 A smarter method we can use without killing.

 "Rest easy, it's fine if you don't dirty your hands."

 I stopped my movements after hearing those words.

 "No…"

 Ruijerd's words became a small thorn and stabbed my heart.

 "I will…do it as well?"

 Certainly.

 I have avoided murder this past year.

 I've killed many number of monsters.

 I've even killed human looking monsters.

 However, I've never murdered.

 It's also partially because I had no reason to do it.

 And that there were more reasons not to do it.

 However, it's also true that I've never even thought about killing anyone.

 This world is severe.

 It's a world where people kill each other on a daily basis.

 One day I will also most likely have to kill someone.

 That sort of situation should happen one day.

 I'm prepared for it.

 I'm ready for it.

 I had those sort of intentions.

 Although, if you ask what I have to do, it's just adjusting the power on a rock bullet.

 In order to make sure it's not strong enough to kill a person I lower it to a level that won't kill.

 In the end, it seems I have some resistance to killing people.

 I can say whatever I want, but I don't want to break the taboo of murder.

 I haven't made the resolve at all.

 And then, Ruijerd managed to guess this fact.

 That's why he especially went to the point of saying that.

 He's trying to save my peace of mind.

 "Don't make that sort of face. Your two hands exist for the purpose of protecting Eris."

 Well, I guess it's fine.

 I won't overdo it and force myself to kill anyone.

 For today I'll just go with borrowing his help.

 If Ruijerd can manage things by himself, then I'll leave it to him.

 I'm fine being incompetent.

 I'll do the things I can do.

 "I understand. Then, I'll go to release the children. Do you know where they are?"

 "The second room away from here. There's seven."

 "Understood. Please gather the corpses together somewhere. Afterwards I'll burn them all at once."

 "Understood."

 I silently removed the handcuffs on Ruijerd.

 Ruijerd slowly stood up while cracking his shoulders.

 "Wh…you! How did you remove the handcuffs?"

 Panicking Mohican.

 "It's fine. Since he will properly listen to what I say."

 "Re…really?"

 After hearing my words the Mohican made a bit of a relieved expression.

 I handed Ruijerd his spear.

 "Although, that doesn't mean that he isn't going to rampage."

 "Eh?"

 The Mohican became the first victim.

 Ruijerd finished off the Mohican silently and ran towards to the stairs without making a sound.

 I walked in the opposite direction.

 I headed towards the room where the children were captive.

 "Gyaaaa!"

 "Su…Superd race! He's got no handcuffs on!"

 "Sheet! He's even carrying a spear!"

 "It's a demon! Aaah, demonnnn!"

 I started to hear voices from the first floor as I arrived at the door.

 Tonight's Ruijerd is thirsting for blood.

 Just joking.

 Or rather.

 The one who abducted them should have been a different person, so it's not like the smugglers are in the wrong here, right?

 What's bad is just their luck.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
