Volume 4  9 — Slow Life of Dorudia Village - Second Part

Volume 4 Chapter 9 - Slow Life of Dorudia Village - Second Part

 

 Part 1

 Two months have passed.

 Ruijerd and Gustav get along well together it seems.

 He often goes over to visit the Dedorudia house, and they exchange drinks while sharing stories of their past.

 They are quite bloody stories, but that in itself makes them relatively interesting.

 As a self proclaimed rampaging race, even though he regrets how bad he was in the past, he still has some amount of pride in it.

 However, these are most likely things that actually happened.

 After listening to it for a bit, there's something I understood about the beast race.

 The Beast Race is a general term for those races who live in the Great Forest.

 Among them there are a number of races who travel over to the Magic Continent and call themselves Demon Races.

 The only real physical trait is that one part of their body has a non-human-mammal-like animal characteristic.

 Also, the various races have unique extra sensory abilities.

 In a broader sense, the likes of Nokopara and Bureizu would be considered of the beast race is what it would mean.

 Even among the beast race, the Dedorudia race are a special existence.

 They are a family that watched over the Holy Beast and look over the entire forest's harmony. That is the Dedorudia.

 Cat-like Dedorudia.

 Dog-like Adorudia.

 Those two are the main branches and then several tens of other kinds of branch tribes are spread around.

 So to speak, they are the royalty of the Great Forest.

 Although they aren't really doing anything like royalty right now, when the time comes to it, they will become the leader and lead their people.

 Also, the long eared race and the halfling race are also living in the Great Forest.

 They are mostly distributed in the southern areas of the Great Forest and don't really have all that much interaction with the beast races, but once every year all the races gather around the Great Sage Tree and participate in a festival and clan meeting.

 According to Gustav, the races are different but they are all allies that live in the Great Forest.

 Incidentally, the Dwarf race doesn't live in the Great Forest, but even further south, at the base of the Blue Dragon Mountain Range.

 The blue dragons fly all around the world, but they always return to the Blue Dragon Mountain Range for nesting and raising children.

 Kind of like migratory birds.

 Although they are different from migrating birds in that they only return once in every ten years or so.

 Now then, the beast race has always gotten into wars and made peace with the human race and repeated this process over and over it seems.

 As far as skirmish level wars go, the most recent one was around 50 years ago.

 Gustav participated in that war and was a part of a brawny warrior group that mowed down some human race people who got lost in the forest.

 At least according to the story I was being told.

 Well, it sounds like it was dramatized quite a bit, but to be able to hear about it from the beast race's viewpoint was rather entertaining.

 In order to compete with that Ruijerd pulled out his heirloom spear.

 A story about the Superd race from the time of Laplace's war.

 "Recently the warriors aren't very reliable at all."

 "I understand as well, Ruijerd-dono. The number of weaklings has increased."

 "That's right. During the time I was young, there wasn't a single man who wasn't splendid."

 Completely hitting it off.

 I guess it's the same no matter what world it is, things like this.

 "That's absolutely right. Gyes has even made it to head of the warriors, but he's still lacking in judgement. He's good at gathering together people, but if he was a bit better at looking at the situation, that sort of thing wouldn't have happened to Rudeus-dono."

 "No, Rudeus is a warrior. If he lets down his guard in enemy grounds and gets caught, he should have known he would have been taken prisoner. Even so, he ended up letting his guard down. If he had gotten serious, something of Gyes's level should have been easily suppressed by him. That was Rudeus's own fault."

 Ah, it hurts to listen.

 Ruijerd believed in me and let me go alone.

 Yet, I ended up easily being caught.

 In some ways, it's like I betrayed his trust.

 "However, Ruijerd-dono isn't that a bit heartless? Even though your ally was treated cruelly?"

 "If you're a warrior you take responsibility for the consequences of your own battles. In the first place, Rudeus should have been able to easily escape with his own power! I'm glad he was trusting in his allies, but he's not a child! If you're a warrior you shouldn't wait and expect your allies to come save you!"

 Ruijerd, you seem to be quite drunk.

 Well, if you were caught I'm sure you'd find some way to escape on your own though.

 I wish you wouldn't place such high expectations on me.

 The number of things I'm capable of are limited you know?

 Part 2

 It was painful to listen while being together with Ruijerd.

 If I go near Eris and the others then Gyes glares at me.

 Therefore, I ended up spending the early afternoon to evening in solitude.

 I couldn't think of anything I needed to do, so I decided to start practicing my magic.

 I controlled the water current flowing on the ground outside and tried freezing it.

 Then at that point, I suddenly thought of the idea of using wind magic to try and fly and decided to give it a try.

 This time, the reason I was caught and unable to run away was because I didn't know the way back.

 If I could fly through the sky I could have easily made my escape by the second day.

 Gyes wouldn't have had to prostrate himself, no one would have had any bad memories over it, it would have been a happy end.

 After thinking that I left the village.

 I continued to create a foothold by freezing the flowing water into ice as I walked, then when I found an open area I cut down a tree nearby.

 Then using earth magic I created a 10 meter stone platform in every direction.

 Then that practice area similar to one in a se○ game was finished.

 It's a bit slippery, so you can't run around, but this much should be fine.

 "Now then."

 For starters with light feelings I raised a tornado and watched what happens.

 In order to make a person fly about this much should be fine.

 If I remember correctly, 100 meters per second should be about good.

 I wonder what kind of thing 100 meters per second is.

 For the time being, I'll give it a shot and see.

 "Alakazam! Just… kidding!"

 I was blown up into the air like a leaf.

 Then I started to get afraid.

 Suddenly I realized I was up near the clouds.

 I didn't realize a person's body was this light.

 Then I started to feel fear.

 I started to instinctively fear the ground as I was approaching it at an insane speed.

 I started using my foresight on reflex.

 After looking one second into the future, I made an upward current with my right hand, and fired off a number of shock waves with my left lowering my falling speed.

 However, I was too late.

 I heard the sound of a number of branches breaking as I fell into a tree and finally a splash as I hit the water.

 By that time my entire body was battered plus bone fractures.

 My nose was bleeding all over the place, after swallowing some water I started to control the currents.

 With my entire body in pain and feeling dizzy I somehow or other managed to cast the healing incantation.

 Soon after monsters started appearing following the scent of my blood.

 It seems the place I fell was the nest of the rain lizard group [Rain Forest Lizard].

 I could clearly hear the sound of my heart beating as I continued to defeat the monsters that came out, one after another.

 With my right hand I just kept freezing the surrounding water stopping their movements, then firing off earth bullets to destroy their heads.

 Rain Forest Lizards are C rank monsters.

 Their speed in water is pretty fast, but they aren't difficult if I freeze it.

 After I defeated them all I started piling up the bodies, but before I realized it was already dark out, and I didn't know the way back.

 I don't know my current location.

 Just that fact made me feel uneasy.

 I have to do something somehow.

 The village shouldn't be all that far away.

 I continued to tell myself to be cool.

 If my head gets heated up my judgement will be dulled.

 I must remain COOL, no matter how you look at it KOOL.

 First off, I froze all the water nearby in as wide of a range as I could.

 I just kept lowering the temperature, while shivering, centering on me I just kept extending the ice endlessly.

 At the same time, I created a fire ball in the air above me.

 Using a fire ball to warm things up while at the same time freezing the water.

 Monsters that see the light will most likely come over.

 No, monsters in the rainy season swim.

 They most likely won't come running on top of the ice.

 It wasn't even an hour later when Ruijerd and others came along.

 He came walking along the ice along with the Dedorudia race warriors.

 I felt relieved.

 After all, I still feel a bit tense about being left neglected in some place I don't know about.

 "Rudeus, what happened?"

 "Jus- just a bit of training."

 I didn't say anything about almost dying.

 A show of vanity.

 "I see… It's the first time I've seen you get serious, but it's really intense. When the entire village froze over and was covered in ice I was wondering what was going on."

 "Ye-yeah…"

 "All of the monsters were frozen."

 "Eh, yeah, I wanted help transporting them. I gave it my all to freeze the surroundings."

 "That's an easy request. Though, next time make sure you let me know."

 "If Ruijerd-san is here then it's not secret training."

 After saying that Ruijerd laughed a bit.

 The beast race warriors went around looking at the rain forest lizards frozen in the surroundings with just their heads crushed and shivered in fear.

 Hmm… How's that?

 The meat from rain forest lizards is quite close to chicken meat.

 Part 3

 After that, I learned from experience and started to practice using wind magic to fly in the sky a number of times.

 It was extremely difficult to make my body float in the air with wind magic.

 What I was able to manage, if you can call it that, was use a blunted [Earth Lance] at my own feet and send my body flying into the air.

 After flying, use wind magic to accelerate. When it's time to land, decelerate and prepare a landing spot.

 Using wind magic to lower the velocity of the fall, while at the same time using a water technique to create a pool at the landing point, and landing there in the water.

 Something along those lines.

 What an unsightly magic.

 I feel bitter about my own lack of talent.

 I want to fly through the sky freely.

 However I was satisfied with this result.

 I wasn't able to fly through the sky, but I was able to create a method of high speed travel through the air.

 I wasn't able to achieve the initial goal, but I did gain at least one thing.

 I decided to think of that as alright.

 Part 4

 Two and a half months have passed.

 One day, Holy Beast-sama sluggishly came and entered my room.

 "Well well then, if it isn't Holy Beast-sama. Did you have something you needed from this sex beast?"

 "Wan."

 "Two."

 "Wan."

 It seems it's just going to ignore me.

 I don't know if it's a male or female, but Holy Beast-sama came over and laid down next to me.

 Currently, in my hands is a figure I'm in the process of making.

 Since there's still lots of time left before the rain stops, I decided to make these.

 The model is Ruijerd.

 Why him?

 Is what one might think.

 However, think about it for a second.

 Superd race are a monster with an unknown identity.

 People shudder in fear after seeing that green hair.

 However, the figures I make have no color.

 A stone doll in a solid grey color.

 If I can make this doll look cool, I might be able to get more people to accept it.

 First off is the silhouette.

 The hair is the last part.

 "Won!"

 Holy Beast-sama brought it's body close to my thighs and placed it's head on my lap.

 I was a bit perplexed since no animal has ever gotten this close to me before.

 "Uon?"

 Holy Beast-sama was looking at my hands with a "What is that?" sort of feeling.

 It's a puppy-sama whose age is proportionate to it's demeanor.

 For the time being I started to stroke the area around its neck.

 "There's nothing to do, so I decided to produce some works."

 "Wan."

 My hand was licked.

 It's tail was flapping and moving around.

 It seems I'm not hated.

 Since the rain is still continuing, Holy Beast-sama must be bored as well.

 I don't know where it has been these past two months, but it specifically decided to come over to where I am after all.

 It must be looking for some kind of stimulus.

 "Shall we play?"

 "Wan!!"

 After that my crossed legs fell apart and started to play around with Holy Beast-sama.

 I was completely enjoying myself rolling around, getting a moderate amount of exercise together with Holy Beast-sama.

 Certainly a win-win relationship.

 Part 5

 Knock knock.

 While I was playing around with Holy Beast-sama there was a knock on the door to my room.

 "Hm? Come in."

 "Please excuse me. I could smell Holy Beast-sama coming from here… Ah."

 Then the one who came in was a woman dressed in the outfit of one of the villages warriors.

 It was the Onee-san guard.

 "Ah, greetings, it's been a while."

 For the time being, I said that while bowing my head.

 After seeing me her face quickly turned ghastly pale.

 "Ah, yes, greetings, it has been a while."

 It's the person who threw cold water on me and told me off with a cruel word.

 Come to think of it, I haven't seen her at all for these last two months.

 I wonder where she was.

 "I'm sorry about that time, please forgive my rudeness."

 She deeply bowed her head.

 "No it's fine. That matter has already been resolved."

 "However, even though it was a misunderstanding that I would subject you to that kind of treatment…"

 "That kind of treatment, it was just being stripped and having cold water thrown at me."

 Then the female warriors face became even more pale.

 Almost to the point where it seemed like she would fall over any minute.

 "I'm very… sorry… please… forgive me."

 This is something I heard from Gyes but when it comes to the beast race, it seems that being stripped naked and having cold water thrown at you is an extremely humiliating thing.

 "I had heard at that time that you were a person that had done something sexually cruel to Holy Beast-sama…"

 "Of course, that was a false charge, you've heard right?"

 "Ah, yes, of course."

 Then she was looking back and forth at Holy Beast-sama.

 Currently I'm being used as a pillow by Holy Beast-sama and my hand is being licked.

 It seems like she has something to say about it.

 "The things from that time couldn't be helped. I'm not angry about it. Although, I would have liked at least one apology."

 "That is, umm, I'm really sorry. I was told to try my best to avoid meeting with Rudeus-dono from Gyes-sama."

 Ah, so that was the case after all, huh.

 As I thought if the actual perpetrator is in front of your eyes, you would want to get revenge I guess.

 Gyes's judgement was correct.

 "Then, you were told not to encounter me, why are you here?"

 "Umm, that is, Holy Beast-sama went missing, so I followed the smell and it led here."

 "Won!!"

 The female warrior had a cold sweat going.

 I think it's fine if you aren't that afraid.

 Gyes apologized plenty and I'm already satisfied with that.

 After the rainy season ends he already offered to give us a cart and pay compensation money.

 I only had to spend a week in a prison for it, it feels more lucky than anything.

 When it comes to me, I'm not really bothered at all.

 Having cold water thrown at me and being abused as a pervert, those are good memories.

 I'm sure, in the future if something wakes up inside of me I'll be able to accept that arousal.

 "Come to think of it, after the rainy season ends you were going to get married weren't you. Congratulations."

 After I said that, the female warrior started to tremble in fear.

 It seems like she only heard it as sarcasm.

 There was no ill intent I just meant it as a simple blessing though…

 "Umm, what would I have to do to be forgiven by you."

 Hmm.

 It seems she has misunderstood something.

 This is somehow nice.

 An amazing feeling of superiority.

 Is this that NTR sort of thing?

 Nfufu.

 After all, maybe I should have her get naked and crawl on all fours?

 No, that kind of thing isn't good.

 Gyes asked me to let it go and I don't know when Eris and Ruijerd will return.

 I wonder what kind of punishment would be good.

 Something similar to the beast race, like being stripped is no good.

 Throwing cold water is also surely no good.

 Then, how about wearing only a white t-shirt, then I hit you with water technique, water gun, and cover you in lukewarm water.

 Wah, I'm a genius.

 "Wan!!"

 Then Holy Beast-sama moved over to cover the female warrior.

 Glaring at me.

 What's up with that.

 It's a joke, don't be mad.

 "I've already received a proper apology. Since that's the case I don't need anything more than that."

 After saying that, the female warrior made a relieved face and let out a sigh.

 "Thank you very much."

 Then, just after that talk finished, she started glaring at me.

 "More than that, Rudeus-dono, I would prefer if you didn't just take Holy Beast-sama out at your own convenience."

 "What's that? I never took it out of anywhere."

 Oh, more false charges, huh.

 You really aren't reflecting on it at all are you?

 If you aren't careful with your words, next time you'll be the one in the prison naked and I'll be the one throwing the water.

 "If that's the case then who took it out? Holy Beast-sama cannot leave the Holy Tree on its own."

 "Ho. Then please explain it to me clearly."

 It seems that Holy Beast-sama is a magic beast that is only born once every several hundred years.

 It has no formal name.

 Since ancient times the appearance of the Holy Beast-sama has meant that the world would be approaching a crisis.

 After Holy Beast-sama becomes an adult it will set out on a journey together with a hero and save the world from that mighty power.

 That's how it's told.

 Since that's the case, in the interior of the Dorudia village within a barrier in the roots of the Holy Tree, it's carefully and preciously raised.

 That is really a completely sheltered daughter kind of feeling.

 They won't let the Holy Beast-sama that doesn't know anything out into the cold outside world.

 Incidentally, it will supposedly take another 100 years or so until Holy Beast-sama becomes an adult.

 If the stories are true, 100 years later a great crisis will befall the world.

 Currently it seems that this female warrior is primarily protecting that Holy Beast-sama.

 In the inner part of that dead end pathway.

 I get it now, that would be why we never met when I was walking around the town.

 "Wafun!"

 Then Holy Beast-sama barked out loud there.

 The female warrior made a surprised face.

 "Eh! What did you say?"

 Eh?

 What?

 "Won!"

 "I see, but…"

 "Wan!!"

 "I understand."

 Why are you normally having a conversation with a dog?

 Holy Beast-sama isn't speaking in Beast God language right?

 How do you understand the differences in it?

 Are you using BowLingual or something?

 "Holy Beast-sama has said that you were unrelated."

 "Right?"

 I'd like you to say more than that.

 "Holy Beast-sama is grateful to you Rudeus-dono."

 "Ho, I could have sworn I had been completely forgotten after being abandoned in a prison."

 "Wan!!"

 "Holy Beast-sama says [That's rude, I properly told them to send you good tasting food. I had heard that Rudeus-dono was enjoying the food quite a bit as well?]"

 That's right.

 The food at least was good.

 Also, I received seconds.

 I did think it was pretty strange for a prison.

 That was Holy Beast-sama's order, huh.

 However, for the first thing to be thought of in terms of gratitude to be food, in the end it's still a dog.

 "However, I would have preferred being let out of the prison if that's the case."

 "Wan?! (What do you mean by prison? Is what it seems to be)"

 "It's a place where you lock up bad guys."

 "Wan! (I also get locked up, is what is being said)"

 After that, I had a conversation for a bit with Holy Beast-sama using the female warrior as a translator.

 After which I realized that Holy Beast-sama had no clue about the details of the events from this time it seems.

 It didn't understand that I was letting off a smell of arousal and didn't understand the reason why I was captured by Gyes either.

 The fact that I was captured, and anything beyond the fact that something scary happened, it couldn't seem to comprehend.

 In other words, it's still a child.

 Making all sorts of demands from a child is not good.

 No helping it.

 "Thanks to Holy Beast-sama I was able to experience a pleasant lifestyle. Thank you very much."

 After thanking it, it's tail started waving and it licked my face.

 Nfufu, what a cute fellow.

 I was having fun stroking its neck.

 Then I was pushed down.

 Ahn, you can't, people are watching?

 "Rudeus-dono, Holy Beast-sama is sacred. Could you refrain yourself from being that familiar and attached?"

 "That's wrong. The smell of this arousal is aimed at you."

 "Huh!?"

 "Excuse me, it's nothing at all."

 That's bad, I let out a bit of my true intention.

 "*Cough* Now then Holy Beast-sama. Let's return home to the Holy Tree."

 "Wan!!"

 Holy Beast-sama honestly nodded to the words of the female warrior and returned.

 After that, it became a problem for the beast race that Holy Beast-sama was able to escape.

 In the end, it seems like they couldn't figure out who the criminal that let it out was.

 Since that's the case it would be fine if they just left it to an escort, but just the other day that abduction incident happened.

 The escorts were becoming tense.

 Part 6

 After that, Holy Beast-sama appeared by my side a number of times.

 That's right, for some reason by my side.

 Of course, after the second time they started to doubt me.

 However, luckily on that day I was participating in the drinking bout of Ruijerd and Gustav.

 I wasn't drinking any alcohol, but I was enjoying something similar to walnuts.

 In other words I had an alibi.

 Since I'm a magician capable of freezing the entire village with magic, I might have some method of doing it even from a separate place, but Gustav cleared the doubts.

 It wouldn't be interesting at all if there were any more false charges added to the list.

 Since that's the case, I decided to stick to Ruijerd, Gustav and Eris as much as I could but gave up.

 I decided to stay near Gyes.

 He's the warrior chief. The highest person responsible in charge of security.

 He's busy everyday, but having him as an alibi is the most efficient method I think.

 "I was under the impression that I was hated by Rudeus-dono?"

 After sticking to him for a full day he made a bitter face.

 "You don't really need to pay it any mind, the next time you give birth to a daughter just give her to me."

 "That is, do you really want to pledge marriage vows to a daughter of mine?"

 "No, it was just a simple joke. Oh, excuse me, did I let out the smell of arousal?"

 "Sunsun? There's no such smell."

 "I see, then this amount is alright."

 After all, unless there's a female nearby my tom boy won't become a tom cat it seems.

 Unless they enter my field of vision there's nothing to be done is what it means.

 "This is something I've understood over the last month. Rudeus-dono is rather mature. Even though you're still young, Ruijerd-dono recognizes you as a warrior as well."

 "What's up with that, suddenly praising me."

 That's kind of disgusting.

 Suddenly flipping ones hand.

 "In the beginning I just thought you were some sheetty brat depending on Ruijerd-dono and doing whatever you like."

 Ho.

 He puts that well.

 Well, it's not necessarily mistaken.

 "In terms of magic skill it went way beyond what I imagined. In order to freeze the entire forest during the rainy season is something I could only imagine in a fairy tale."

 "Fuuu, my teacher is even more amazing though."

 Then another push here for Roxy for no reason at all.

 No matter how much I praise Roxy it will never be enough praise.

 "And more than anything, you hold that much power, and yet you didn't seek revenge against our Dedorudia race even after being treated like that."

 If you put it like that then that is the case.

 Though look, Ruijerd said it as well, I was letting my guard down.

 Isn't it fine if both sides are reflecting on it.

 Besides…

 "This place is Ghyslaine's home town as well."

 "What did Ghyslaine say about this village?"

 "No, she didn't really say anything in specific."

 It didn't seem like Ghyslaine liked the Great Forest very much.

 When she was teaching me Beast God language she would often make a bitter face as well.

 "Who wouldn't want to get along well with the family of a respected teacher."

 "Is it fine if I apologize once again?"

 "I don't really need that prostrating at all. Rather than that, please give me the right to lay my hands on Minitona-chan."

 "If Rudeus-dono plans to properly and seriously consider my daughter as a partner then I wouldn't particularly mind though."

 "Eh?!"

 Seriously?

 Does that mean he'll give me permission to play nyannyan with the cat eared girl!

 Nono.

 Right now, were having a good conversation, you sheetty NEET stay down.

 "Of course I'm joking. Probably, Eris would get angry as well."

 "Just now, a bit of the smell of arousal appeared though."

 "That can't be helped. That would be because of Gyes-san's careless statement. Let it go."

 "I see… I'm sorry about that."

 Really.

 I have a proper promise with Eris you know.

 15 years old.

 Another four more years.

 If I wait four years then paradise.

 Speaking of promises, I had one with Sylphy as well, but…

 I wonder how Sylphy is doing now.

 Probably doing well.

 It would be good if she wasn't being bullied over her hair anymore…

 "And it seems like it's come today as well."

 Just as I was lost in thought, Holy Beast-sama suddenly appeared.

 "Ku… what in the world are the escorts doing?!"

 After seeing that Gyes started grinding his teeth.

 Today as well, Holy Beast-sama said "Wan" to me in a happy voice.

 In response to that I stroke its head.

 "Could it be that it's getting out with its own power?"

 Is what I asked but…

 "No, there's no mistake that it's through someone's help."

 Is what Gyes said while looking at Holy Beast-sama with troubled eyes.

 Through someone's help.

 It's without a doubt something within their own members, but everyone has an alibi.

 It's creepy.

 "Should Ruijerd and I investigate? I think we could figure it out pretty quick with Ruijerd's eye."

 After saying that…

 "No, the protection of Holy Beast-sama is a matter of pride for the Dedorudia race. We can't allow outsiders to interfere."

 Is how he turned us down.

 "Even though defending the village is fine?"

 "This and that are different matters."

 Defending the village is okay, but investigating the Holy Beast's escape is not.

 I couldn't really understand the line of thought, but this could be a difference in common sense I guess.

 Well, that's fine if they're alright with it.

 "If it's managed to escape this many times, it would certainly be worrying. It's fine right now because it's the rainy season, but what if after the rainy season ends, it could be abducted again. Besides, even in the village it could be attacked by monsters, if the worst case happens."

 "That's probably right…"

 Gyes started to worry with a difficult face.

 "Since it seems like Holy Beast-sama is escaping with the purpose of coming to meet me, what if instead I go to visit it everyday, won't that solve the problem?"

 "That… However… Hmmm…"

 He's troubled.

 After all it doesn't seem like he wants outsiders to get near the Holy Tree.

 I'll draw him in.

 "Well then, how about meeting near the Holy Tree and taking it out before it has a chance to be taken, then have the escort person follow along as well. If we do that then there would be no need to worry about someone taking it out."

 "Wouldn't that be getting our priorities backwards?"

 "I think it seems better than having even a moment where you don't know the location of the Holy Beast-sama though?"

 "…"

 Gyes was troubled.

 Since he was troubled that became the case.

 ---

 After that, for a little less than two weeks.

 I lived together and played with Holy Beast-sama.

 In the end we never figured out who the criminal was, though Holy Beast-sama has stopped disappearing as well.

 Incidentally, the escort person got insanely angry at me when I trained it to offer its paw, though that's a secret.

 ---

 After various things happen three months have passed.

 The rain has stopped.

 .

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
