Volume 5  4 — Reunion with Paul

Volume 5 Chapter 4 - Reunion with Paul

 

 Part 1

 ---Paul's Point of View---

 I was drinking in a bar.

 Since it's almost night the number of customers started to increase.

 In reverse the number of group members have decreased.

 In the middle of the bar I was sitting at one table, intent on continuing to drink endlessly.

 I'm sure my displeasure is hanging in the atmosphere

 No one is approaching me.

 "Yo, I was looking for you?"

 And just as I was thinking a voice called out to me.

 After I raised my face a monkey faced man was there with the ends of his mouth raised.

 This is the first time in a year since I last saw this face.

 "Gisu? You bastard… Where do you think you've been."

 "Ohhh, what's this what's this, you're just as displeased as always."

 "Obviously."

 I clicked my lips together with a bit of a cheh, and then touched the side of my face.

 The pain still remains.

 The place where I was hit by Rudeus.

 I was putting up a strong front, but it probably would have been a good idea to get healing cast after all.

 Sheet, Rudeus you bastard.

 What do you mean [If you have my magic then the Magic Continent is no problem.]

 If you have that much room for leisure, then you should have enough to search for people.

 On the contrary, you just kept on intending to tell me about eating the meat from Great Land Turtles.

 What do you mean by [If I hadn't thought of the idea of creating a pot with earth magic, then there's no way I could have continued eating that crappy tasting meat for another year.]

 If you have the time to search for ingredients then there's something else you should have been doing, right.

 Sheet.

 In the end you even suspected me of cheating?

 Stop screwing around with me.

 Since the teleport incident happened I haven't even once thought about a woman.

 I haven't done anything about myself and put it on the shelf, and then you're the one blaming me?

 Don't screw with me.

 What do you mean you didn't know.

 If you had properly investigated while on the Magic Continent, by this time you could have met with either Zenith or Lilia.

 Don't screw around with me…

 "Hehe… since you're like that it seems you haven't met yet."

 What's so funny Gisu.

 While laughing so frivolously it seems he ordered something.

 In any case it's probably just alcohol.

 This man is a bigger drinker than that dwarf Talhand.

 "Paul. Show your face at the Adventurer's Guild tomorrow."

 "Why should I?"

 "You'll be able to meet with an interesting person."

 An interesting person.

 Someone who would cure my displeased mood.

 The reason why Gisu showed his face today.

 And then the person I just met today.

 After putting those three together, I realized the answer.

 "Rudi, huh?"

 After hearing that the monkey face turned sour, and started scratching the side of his head.

 "What's this? Did you already know?"

 "I met him."

 "If that's the case, it doesn't seem like you're very happy. Did you get into a fight?"

 A fight.

 Well, fight, huh.

 It didn't even grow into a fight though?

 Sheet, after remembering it my face started to ache again.

 "What happened Paul, tell me about it."

 With that friendly face Gisu moved to the chair next to me.

 Since the old days this guy has always been good at listening to other people's worries.

 This time as well, it seems even if I say he's meddling, he'll specifically go out of his way to listen.

 "Ah, listen to this…"

 Then I started to tell Gisu about what just happened a while ago.

 The fact that I was happy about the meeting.

 Although something made the story awkward and I asked Rudeus to tell me about what he had been doing up until now.

 And then Rudeus started to tell me about his journey in an excessively fun tone.

 He started to sing about a worthless story of bragging.

 Rather than that boasting, there should have been something else you should have done is what I pointed out.

 And the fact that he snapped back at me.

 And the fact that he pointed out women and I snapped.

 And the fact that we fought and I was beaten down.

 Gisu just kept listening nodding to himself at specific points.

 [Yeah], it seems he's in agreement [I see now], it seems he's understood as he listened.

 He was listening with that kind of feeling but at the end he said this.

 "You know, aren't you holding your expectations for your son a bit too high?"

 "Huh?"

 I realized that I had raised my voice in a foolish way.

 Over expectation?

 What's that?

 Towards who?

 "I do? Towards Rudi?"

 "I mean, think about it a bit more."

 While I was perplexed Gisu kept pressing me for an answer while connecting his words.

 "That guy is certainly amazing. I've never seen a guy who can use voiceless incantations before. When I heard that he had exterminated dozens of monsters during the past year, shivers ran down my spine. I'm sure that guy Rudeus is in fact a genius that only appears once every hundred years."

 That's right. Rudi is a genius.

 He's a genius.

 A true genius.

 He's a guy who could do anything since he was small.

 There was a point where I thought he was bad in some places, but he even managed to get that Philip to offer his daughter.

 The Philip who always used to denounce me that much.

 "Yeah, that's right. He's amazing. After all since he was five years old--"

 "However, he's still a brat."

 After he cut straight into the conversation I stayed quiet.

 "Rudeus is still an 11 year old brat."

 Gisu said it once again while reflecting upon it.

 "Even you, the time when you left your house was when you were 12 right?"

 "Yeah"

 "Didn't you use to say anyone younger than 12 is still a brat?"

 "What's that mean, what are you trying to say with that."

 Rudi is stronger than me.

 Certainly I was drinking alcohol today, but even if you took away that fact he had become strong.

 Even though I was drunk I was serious.

 I seriously used the North God style [Four-legged Form] that I didn't want to use and even went as far as using Sword God style's [Silent Sword].

 Even with that, my sword only cut the string of the panties he was wearing on his head.

 Rudi wasn't serious at all.

 As proof of that, all of the group members were taken down with just minor injuries.

 He was fighting while going easy on them, I lost to someone going easy.

 I don't know how much stronger he's gotten in the time we hadn't met.

 Just, Rudi was already way more clever than I when he was seven years old.

 His physical strength should be stronger than mine.

 And his head is better than mine.

 In that case, it's not surprising that he can do everything better than me.

 What does age have to do with it.

 "Paul, what were you doing when you were 11 years old?"

 "What?"

 If I remember correctly, I was learning swordsmanship at my house.

 It was an everyday life of being scolded by my father.

 Even when I put in a bit of work, he would complain about everything and hit me.

 "Do you think the you of that time could have survived on the Magic Continent?"

 "Hah, Gisu, that entire premise is strange. Rudi you know, had a strong Demon Race as an escort with him. He knows human language, Demon God language, and Beast God language, he even beat an A rank monster in a single hit! He was together with a guy like a monster escorting him. Even if it wasn't me anyone could fly through the Magic Continent."

 "It couldn't be done. You wouldn't be able to do it, absolutely not. Even if you went to Magic Continent right now, you wouldn't be able to return by yourself."

 He asserted it while intimidating me.

 Gisu is just the same as usual, laughing frivolously.

 This guy's smile is just as irritating as always.

 "Ha!! Then isn't that all the more reason! He did something I can't do. He's a genius. Rudi is a genius! My son is a genius. He's already a fine adult. There's nothing for me to say. What mistake is there with placing expectations on a guy with the ability to meet them? Right Gisu, am I mistaken?"

 "It's mistaken. You're always mistaken."

 While continuing to laugh frivolously he started to chug the beer that was brought out.

 "Puha… That's good. After all you can't drink something like this in the Great Forest."

 "Gisu!"

 "I get it, you're loud."

 Gisu placed the wooden cup down with a bam sound.

 And then he suddenly started talking seriously.

 "Paul. You've never been to the Magic Continent before right?"

 "What about it?"

 I've never been to the Magic Continent.

 Though of course I've heard plenty about it from people.

 Rumors that it's a dangerous land.

 Just by walking down the road monsters start appearing and if you don't eat the monsters you can't live.

 However, what's going to happen just from there being a lot of monsters.

 "Just as you know, I was born on the Magic Continent. Then ask me, how is the Magic Continent dangerous."

 "Come to think of it, I don't remember you ever talking about that. How is it dangerous?"

 "First, there are no roads. There's a path, but it's nothing like the ones in Milis Continent and Central Continent, paths with few monsters that are safe don't exist anywhere. No matter where you walk around, C rank or above monsters just come out to attack you."

 Certainly I've heard there are a lot of monsters, but C rank?

 They're opponents that only come out deep in the forests of the Central Continent.

 Either they come in swarms or most of them have some sort of special ability.

 "Isn't that exaggerating a bit?"

 "No, it's the truth. I'm not saying a single lie right now. Magic Continent is that sort of Continent. In any case, there's a lot of monsters."

 Gisu's eyes were serious.

 However, even if this guy makes eyes like these, unexpectedly he can lie.

 I won't be deceived.

 "On such a Continent, even if you call him excellent, a child with no combat experience was suddenly thrown."

 "Yeah…"

 If he means no combat experience, it must be about Rudi.

 Now that he has said it, I've never heard talk of him fighting anyone.

 Just, it seemed like he skillfully repelled some kidnappers, and that he couldn't even win against Ghyslaine unless he can open some distance.

 I don't know of a swordsman better than Ghyslaine.

 If it's getting close to that guy, then Rudi with an appropriate distance, there shouldn't even be 1000 guys in the world who can win.

 That's why, having combat experience or not is unrelated talk.

 Even that North God, Alex R. Karuman, I've heard without any combat experience, in his first actual combat he cut down and killed a Sword Emperor.

 "Then, an adult appeared there who was going to save them. A Demon Race, certainly he was a strong guy. Superd Race. You know right. That Superd race."

 "Yeah."

 Superd race.

 In regards to that matter, honestly I was half in doubt about it.

 I heard there were almost none left in the Superd races even on the Magic Continent.

 "In a state where he didn't know left from right, there was one existence who appeared he could reach out for. The existence who saved him in a weakened state. However, Superd race are scary. Since you don't know what they'll do if you turn them down after all. That is, he had to grab onto that hand."

 "Well, I guess so."

 "Then after being saved, the clever Rudeus thought up this idea. [What is this guy's objective?] just like that."

 Certainly.

 If it's Rudeus he would think that.

 I wouldn't realize it, but he's a smart guy in those matters.

 Even at that time when he saved Lilia, he showed a discerning eye that you wouldn't think belonged to a child.

 "However, there's no way he could figure out the other side's objective."

 I'm sure.

 Since you don't know what the other side's aim is, it's how people like Gisu live.

 "Right now he's saving me, but he might eventually cut us off. Then and there Rudeus thought [In order to not be cut off, I'll sell him a favor.]"

 "What's that? Favor? Would it go well?"

 "Don't poke fun at it. Even describing it as a favor, it stabs someone in the feelings, and causes a camaraderie to sprout, that kind of thing is good."

 Awareness of comrades starts to sprout, huh.

 I see now.

 If he does that, then I can agree with Rudi's actions.

 He did a favor in return for the Superd's protection, and then polished his skills in the case the time he was alone ever came.

 It's rational.

 You could say Rudeus chose the safest route.

 Hnnn, as expected, he can do it well.

 "Cheh… if he's thought that far, why can't he do anything beyond that."

 After I let those words out, Gisu held up his fingers.

 Then he started to go over it one by one.

 "In a place for the first time, a first time adventure, now matter how intelligent he is, it was full of things he didn't know about. In order to not be deceived he had no choice other than learning. On top of that he had to deal with a Demon Race who he never knew when he would be betrayed by, and right behind him was something like a little sister who he has no choice but to protect."

 While saying it indifferently Gisu folded his fingers, and then finally he brought two together.

 "If he had even managed to search for other people who were teleported on top of that he'd be a superman. A superman. It wouldn't be strange for him to be included in the [Seven World Powers] if that were the case."

 The [Seven World Powers] huh.

 That's a nostalgic name to hear.

 In the old days I wanted to become as famous as that as well.

 Even if we put aside a parent's overestimation, I think Rudi has enough potential to make it that far though…

 "It's clearly overworking. Even if Rudeus is a genius, humans, you know, have limits."

 "Why would a person who is pushing right along the borders of his limits, talk about his adventures in such an enjoyable way? No matter how you look at it, that was like a noble who was superficially entering a labyrinth and playing around only to return?"

 If it really was that hard for Rudi, then he wouldn't have said it in that way of speaking.

 Places where the journey was painful, or difficult.

 He would have told me about times like those.

 However, Rudeus never spoke of those even once.

 "That is because he didn't want to worry you."

 "…huh?"

 I let out another foolish sound.

 "Why would that guy worry about me? Since I'm a bad old man?"

 "That's right. It's because you're a bad old man."

 "Cheh… I see. That's right, I'm a weak man who runs away into alcohol over something worthless, I'm sure in the eyes of a genius-sama I would be quite pitiful."

 "Even if he wasn't a genius, the current you really looks pathetic, Paul."

 Gisu let out a sigh.

 "I'm going to say it because you can't see your own face, but right now your face is pretty terrible, you know?"

 "A face enough to make my son pity me?"

 "Yeah. If it's the current you, it's plenty enough to get in a fight and separate over."

 It's so pathetic that you really wouldn't be able to say anything to it, is what Gisu added on.

 I touched my own face.

 I heard the sound of my beard from not shaving in any number of days crunching.

 "Hey Paul, I'll say it once more."

 Gisu said it while pushing his final thought.

 "You're pushing too many expectations on your son."

 I wonder what is wrong with holding your hopes too high.

 Rudi has done everything well since the time he was born.

 Enough to tear away at my face as a father.

 I was never needed by Rudi.

 "Hey, Paul you know. Why weren't you just honestly happy over meeting again? Isn't it fine. No matter what kind of journey Rudeus had. Even if it was a carefree and thoughtless journey. Even if it was a journey filled with playing around with women. Since you guys met again energetically. For starters you should be delighted over that fact."

 "…"

 That's right.

 Even I was glad at first.

 "Or else, were you afraid of meeting your son who had lost some part of his body? The chance of reuniting with a corpse was pretty high you know? No, on the Magic Continent there wouldn't even have been a corpse remaining."

 Rudi, dead?

 After seeing that energetic Rudi, it's a talk that has no sense of reality.

 However, just a few days prior.

 Wasn't I lost in melancholy over that image?

 "Ahh-ah, how pitiable. After an amazingly difficult journey. Even though he finally managed to reunite with his father. That father had become an alcoholic piece of trash. If it were me, I would cut off ties with him right there."

 Cheh… he's really saying whatever he wants while putting on a play.

 "I get it Gisu. What you say is certainly correct. However, there is one thing I don't understand."

 "What is it?"

 "Why did Rudi not know any of the information about Buina village? There should have definitely been messages left at Saint Port."

 Gisu made a bitter face while saying [That would be…]

 This is the face he makes when he's trying to hide something.

 "I'm sure that means he missed it unluckily."

 "Gisu, where did you run into Rudi? Didn't you find him in Saint Port?"

 I don't know where Gisu has been this past year.

 However, Rudeus came from the north.

 If we're speaking about large towns in the north where Gisu would be active, it would be Saint Port.

 In Saint Port there's definitely a message left behind.

 Besides, there should be group members staying in that place as well.

 During the time when anyone crosses over from Magic Continent, in order to get information from that person.

 If it's an adventurer, then there shouldn't be any reason for them to not visit the Adventurer's Guild.

 "The place I met with Rudeus was in a Dorudia race village. I was surprised, after all, he was being held under suspicions of attacking the Holy Beast and thrown into a prison naked."

 "Naked in a prison by the beast race… Seriously?"

 I've heard about it from Ghyslaine.

 In regards to the Dedorudia race being stripped naked, thrown into a cage, put into chains, and having cold water thrown at them are considered the greatest of humiliations.

 It's something they would almost never to do outsiders, if they do it then they would make sure it's remembered until you die.

 As a joke I once threw some water at Ghyslaine, she seriously glared at me.

 "I see, and then what happened?"

 "What's this, you didn't hear from Rudeus?"

 "I only heard that he traveled from the Magic Continent."

 That's right, why didn't he see the message left in Saint Port.

 The most important part was missing.

 Why?

 Ah, I wasn't listening.

 Damn it.

 Why am I always like this, with a quick temper.

 Calm down.

 Rudi is superior.

 Even though he's superior, he didn't come across the information.

 I need to think about that more calmly.

 If he had made it to Saint Port, even if he didn't want to, it would have entered his ears.

 In other words, some sort of incident happened in Saint Port that he got dragged into.

 An incident that got him captured by the Dedorudia race.

 Wouldn't it be some sort of large incident.

 In the past two or three days it should be something that the group members brought back information about, was there some sort of incident that happened?

 "No, I don't really know all the details myself, but when I was in the Great Forest Mirudetto race's place, I heard rumors about a human race brat that was captured in the Dedorudia village."

 "Hn? Wait just a second, right now, where are you talking about?"

 Mirudetto race?

 If I remember correctly, it's a species of beast race.

 A race that has ears like rabbits.

 "A Mirudetto race village. It was a place with a patriarch so it's pretty big, but?"

 Gisu's explanation was long and a bit annoying.

 Honestly partway through I almost said [It's fine] with how long it was.

 However, today we're talking about Rudi so I'll listen to the end, I wouldn't want it to end without hearing the important parts.

 Even though I just made the same mistake, as expected, I don't want to repeat the same mistake twice in one day.

 The talk ended.

 After compiling everything…

 "Gisu, in other words, you were going around the races in the Great Forest, and spread information that if lost humans are found they should be sent to Milishion?"

 "Yeah. Hehe, it's fine if you give me your thanks."

 "Even if I did it wouldn't end there?"

 Occasionally, I did think there were refugees coming from the direction of the Great Forest to depend on me, but I see, it was this sort of trick?

 "Well, that talk is fine for now."

 "Yeah."

 I'll listen to it in more detail later, but for now let's put it aside.

 "After I heard it was a human race child, it suddenly came to me, I quickly left for the Dorudia village. I'm not bragging, but my connections are wide. I have a number of acquaintances even in the Dorudia village. One of those acquaintances, I asked a warrior out of friendship, and plotted to be thrown into the same prison."

 "Just a second, why was there a need for you to enter it?"

 "In case we needed to escape if it came down to it. The beast race's prison are easier to escape from inside than the outside after all."

 I know very well how skilled Gisu is at escaping from prison.

 He's a man who can nonchalantly leave after being caught for cheating.

 "Then you know. I thought I would go in to find a captured human race child, crying out in pity and despair… Kukukuha."

 "What is it? What happened?"

 "He was laying there nude, full of composure and says, [Welcome, to the highest point in your life.] just like that? I really had no idea what to say in response after that!"

 Gisu was laughing out loud.

 "It's not something to laugh about right."

 "It's something to laugh at. I knew the moment I saw him. That this guy is Paul's son."

 What is so interesting about that?

 Or rather, what part about that would lead him to the conclusion that he's my son.

 "He was exactly like the old you. The way he was so impudent on the first meeting, the way he was pointlessly arrogant, even the way he was making advances on the beast race woman, [I smell the scent of sexual excitement.], they totally saw through him, but even knowing that they saw through, he continued to look at her with perverted eyes just the same!"

 It seems Gisu thought of something again, he was laughing out loud.

 Hearing him dig up things from the past like this makes my back itch.

 "Well, it was a bit longer until I knew for sure."

 Gisu said that while chugging away at his beer.

 "Well, since it was like that. It can't really be helped if he didn't know about the information. It seems like he never stopped by in Saint Port."

 "Hmn? Wait a second Gisu, you entered the same cell right? Then…"

 If this guy had just explained it.

 "I didn't want to be lurking in the background between parent and child, this is where I just step back and leave it to you two to reconcile."

 Gisu said it quickly and stood up from his seat.

 "Hey, wait a second, the talk hasn't ended?"

 "Ah, that's right. I forgot to say it, but it seems like Elinalise and the others have headed off towards the Magic Continent. I heard rumors of various men being eaten by an elf in Saint Port, so there shouldn't be any mistake."

 "Elinalise is?"

 Even though I thought she hated me the most?

 "Hehe… despite everything, those guys didn't really hate you all that much after all."

 After leaving those final words, Gisu left the bar.

 Of course, without paying any money.

 He's that kind of guy.

 Well, it's fine for today.

 I'll treat you.

 After drinking this much, I'll go sleep for today.

 And then, I'll try to talk with Rudi tomorrow.

 "Don't drink anymore. Tomorrow once you're sober, go to the [House of Dawn's Light], alright?"

 Just like that Gisu returned and said that.

 "I get it!"

 He came back to hammer it down.

 I sighed and put down the cup.

 After thinking about it, I've been drinking too much recently.

 Why was I running away into something like this.

 The things that I need to do, there are still many more remaining.

 "Ummm… Leader Paul, has your talk ended?"

 Just as I was thinking that, a single woman came up with an apologetic expression.

 I thought who are you.

 After looking seriously at her face while drunk.

 Then I realized she was one of the group members, I understood her to be Vera.

 "Ohh…despite everything, today you're wearing a surprisingly docile outfit aren't you."

 "Yeah, well…"

 Vera nodded vaguely and took a seat in the chair Gisu was sitting in until just now.

 Today she's not wearing her usual offensive-like and stimulative outfit.

 Just like you can see anywhere, it's the outfit of a normal and plain town girl.

 "That fight at noon, I was wondering if that could be my fault."

 "Your fault? Why?"

 "No, umm, since I'm like this? So, your son, might have misunderstood is what I was thinking…"

 "It's unrelated. After all that guy, probably would have been suspicious just seeing your chest size."

 There's a reason why Vera normally wears such light clothes.

 She used to be a normal adventurer, but she was thrown to Milis Continent without any equipment in the teleport incident, she was captured by thieves and used for amusement.

 Normally you would close off your heart after experiencing something like that, but she has a tremendous willpower and overcame it.

 However, there were women who couldn't overcome it.

 Vera's younger sister Shera was one such case.

 That child, whenever she meets eyes with a man she can't stop from trembling.

 Even with the exception of the group members. There's several.

 In order to protect those girls from the stares, she tries to focus all the stares of the men on herself with her usual outfit.

 Also, she's excellent at giving care to other women who have sunken eyes from similar experiences.

 In my regards, I can't understand the feelings of a woman who has been raped, she's a subordinate who I wouldn't be able to go on without.

 Obviously, there's no physical relationship.

 There's no way that could be the case.

 "I get it, you can go."

 "Yes."

 While feeling depressed Vera returned to the seats where the women were gathered.

 "Jeez…"

 If I look around properly, there are eyes looking at me with worry all over the place.

 "Stop looking at me with such weird faces you all! I'll go reconcile with him tomorrow!"

 After saying that at the end I stood up from my seat.

 Part 2

 After returning to my room, Norn was there sleeping alone.

 I poured a glass of water from the jug on the table.

 And took a big sip.

 The lukewarm water fell straight into my dry stomach.

 I slowly started to wake up from my intoxication.

 In the old days, I used have a constitution that was bad with intoxication.

 If I drank in large amounts I would be dead drunk, but it wouldn't remain for long periods.

 After I started to regain self-awareness as my head slowly started to wake up, I started to caress Norn's head gently as she was sleeping and clinging to the blanket.

 I thought Norn was a pitiable child.

 Even though she has to stay near this kind of father, she should have plenty she wants to say, but without saying a single word of complaint she remains well-behaved.

 If Norn were to die I wouldn't be able to go on living.

 "Nmmu… Father…"

 Norn let out those words.

 She's not awake. It must be sleep talk.

 She's an ordinary child.

 Different from Rudi.

 If I don't protect her…

 "…"

 If Rudi was ordinary.

 Rudi would be sleeping here like this as well.

 He would have never become a home teacher and continued to stay at home, then when the teleport incident happened, he could have clung onto me along with Norn, that could have been the case.

 An ordinary Rudi.

 An ordinary 11 year old Rudi.

 In order to protect someone that I should be protecting, how could I…

 My legs were trembling.

 I finally understood the meaning behind the words "11 year old brat" that Gisu was saying.

 That's right.

 Whether he's ordinary or a genius.

 What's different?

 Isn't it the same.

 Even if Norn were a genius, would I have said the same thing?

 To a Norn who didn't know anything, and simply optimistically continued her journey, to such a Norn.

 Would I have said something like that?

 Would I have held such high expectations towards you as well and said it?

 After imagining it I couldn't fall asleep.

 I didn't feel like laying down.

 I went outside the inn, I poured a jug of water intended for putting out fires over my head.

 I remembered Rudi's face as he was leaving the bar and threw up.

 Who was the person who made Rudi make that face?

 The water gathered up in the bucket.

 Inside of it the face of an idiotic man was being reflected.

 It was the face of the number one most unsuitable father in the world, that sort of man's face.

 "Hah… this is, this might be no good…"

 If it was me, I would cut off all ties with this kind of man.

 Part 3

 ---Rudeus' Point of View---

 The next morning.

 I was having breakfast while feeling a bit refreshed.

 The place was a bar next to our inn.

 The food of Milishion is pretty good.

 From the Great Forest over to here, it seems like the further we move the better tasting the food gets.

 Today's breakfast is freshly baked bread and fresh tasting transparent seasoned soup.

 Raw vegetable salad.

 As well as thick pieces of bacon.

 Last night I didn't stick around, but it seems of all things, evening meals included dessert.

 It seems to be popular recently among young magician adventurers.

 The dessert that comes out there and the sweet jelly that is popular with young adventurers.

 I'm looking forward to it.

 Eating food.

 That's a happy thing to do.

 If you're hungry, you'll get irritated after all.

 If you get irritated your appetite disappears, and if your appetite disappears then you get hungry.

 It's a splendidly vicious circle.

 Even an android would become displeased.

 "Welcome."

 Just as I was thinking about that and drinking something like coffee after a meal, the shopkeeper of the bar looked towards the entrance.

 There was a worn out man standing there with a pale face.

 The instant I saw that face, I was clearly surprised.

 The man gradually looked over the interior and found me.

 I started to remember the feelings from yesterday again, even though nothing was said, I spontaneously avoided making eye contact.

 "…"

 After seeing how I look, the two who were sitting with me, it seems they quickly guessed who this person was.

 Ruijerd raised his eyebrows; Eris stood up while kicking her chair.

 "Who are you?"

 The man who walked over here…

 Eris stood before his eyes.

 With both arms crossed and her legs in line with her shoulders spread out, while raising her chin up.

 An authoritative attitude, glaring down at the mans face as if it were from a high position.

 "Paul Greyrat. I'm his father."

 "I know that!"

 After I looked at Eris' back, I heard a voice fly over my head.

 It was a sarcastic voice.

 "What's this Rudi, hiding behind a woman, you've become quite the lady-killer haven't you?"

 That tone and that expression.

 I felt a little bit relieved.

 That's right…

 The old Paul would always tease me with that sort of feeling.

 How nostalgic.

 In regards to this behavior, I thought it was Paul's own way of making compromise.

 First thing in the morning coming especially to this bar.

 Even I have the margin to talk.

 "Rudeus isn't hiding behind me! I'm hiding Rudeus! From a worthless father!"

 Eris was trembling while grasping her fist tightly, it seems like at any moment now she wants to send her fists flying into Paul's jaw.

 I sent a signal to Ruijerd with my eyes.

 He saw me, and then grabbed Eris by the collar and lifted her up.

 "Wha!! Ruijerd! Let me go!"

 "Let's leave these two alone."

 "Didn't you see how Rudeus looked yesterday! That isn't a father!"

 "Don't say it like that. A father is something like that."

 While saying such things, he started to take his leave from here.

 Then Ruijerd said it while passing by Paul and looking at him.

 "I'm sure you have your own complaints, but those complaints can only be said while your son is alive."

 "Ye-yeah…"

 Ruijerd's words were heavy.

 He seems to think of himself as the world's worst father after all.

 In regards to another terrible father, it seems he could be feeling worried in his own way.

 "Rudi, don't order older people around like that."

 "It's different. It's not orders. It's the eye contact of trust."

 "It's basically the same thing."

 While Paul was saying that he sat down in front of me.

 "Is that the Demon Race you were talking about yesterday?"

 "Yes, Ruijerd-san the Superd race."

 "Superd Race, huh. He seems to be a guy who gives off quite a good feeling. I guess that would mean rumors and the real thing are different, huh."

 "You won't be afraid of him?"

 "Don't say stupid things, he's the savior of my son."

 His opinion seems to be quite different from yesterday, but…

 I won't say anything unnecessary.

 Now then.

 "And then, what did you come for?"

 An even stiffer voice than I thought came out.

 And then Paul started to tremble a bit in surprise.

 "No… Ummm, I thought to, apologize."

 "For what?"

 "What happened yesterday."

 "There's no need for apologies."

 Receiving an apology is convenient, but I even got to use Eris' chest as a pillow and slept well, I've properly reflected on it.

 "I'll put it bluntly, until now I've felt like I've been playing around."

 Putting aside the start, in general the journey proceeded favorably and I had enough leisure to be distracted by erotic things.

 The fact that I didn't collect information in regards to Fedoa region was without a doubt a mistake on my part.

 It was impossible in Saint Port, but we were in contact with an information seller in Wind Port.

 If I had just asked them, I may have been able to gain some sort of information.

 After listening and investigating, but obviously I didn't investigate it.

 It was my mistake.

 "Since that's the case, it can't be helped that father was angry. During this troubling period, please excuse me instead."

 The fact that Fedoa region vanished and the household was split up all over.

 When I think of Paul's mental state during such a time, I can't blame him.

 I was only able to remain thoughtless because I had no idea.

 Not knowing the scale of the disaster, it was a happy fact.

 "No, there's no way that's the case. Rudi gave it his best as well I'm sure."

 "No-no, not at all. There was plenty of room for leisure."

 Since Ruijerd was there for us.

 After we left the Town of Rikarisu it was relatively easy.

 There was no chance of being ambushed by monsters, even if I didn't say anything at all he would have caught food, and he also stopped Eris' fights.

 In regards to me, it was a comfortable journey.

 Truly an easy operation.

 "I see, it was leisurely…"

 I don't know what Paul is thinking about.

 The one thing I can say is that voice is trembling a bit.

 "I do feel really sorry that I wasn't able to find the messages or whatever you left. What was written on them?"

 "Things about me being fine and to search in the northern parts of Central Continent."

 "I see. Then after I finish escorting Eris to the Fedoa region, I'll go search in the northern areas."

 I responded as if I were a machine.

 No matter how I think about it I feel like my words are stiff.

 I wonder why…

 I wonder if I'm tense.

 Why?

 I've already forgiven Paul, even Paul has forgiven me as well.

 We might not be able to return to how we used to be, but right now is an emergency situation.

 Since it's an emergency situation I'm tense.

 It's obvious.

 "That is that, but in regards to Fedoa region's current state, please tell me once more in detail."

 "…Yeah."

 Paul's tone was stiff as well and continued while trembling.

 I'm sure he's tense as well.

 No, rather than that, my own confidence after all is what's strange.

 We can't act how we used to…

 How did I use to interact with Paul before, again?

 It was while striking up conversations with a light mouth, is what I was thinking, but…

 "Where should I begin?"

 In a stiff voice Paul started to tell me about what happened in the Fedoa region.

 All of the buildings disappeared.

 The fact that all the people living there were teleported.

 A large number of deaths have already been confirmed.

 Though there's still a large number of missing as well.

 Paul started collecting contributions as a volunteer and created a search party organization.

 For that reason he is here where the Adventurer's Guild Headquarters is, gathering information in Milishion as a central point.

 Incidentally, there's another base in the Asura Kingdom Capital, it seems that place is being managed by the butler Alphonse-san.

 It seems even now they're giving aid to refugees from Fedoa region.

 And then, Paul left messages at various places.

 The message to me was to divide our efforts and search for our family in various places.

 The responsibility of the eldest son, who has become an independent adult.

 In terms of age I'm still a child, but I already consider myself an adult spiritually.

 If I had seen that message I would have understood the mood.

 Zenith, Lilia, and Aisha still haven't been found.

 It could be that they ended up somewhere on the Magic Continent, and then we passed by each other.

 When I think that I lament my own actions.

 Since I was hurrying so much with the journey, we only stayed in each town for a short period.

 "Norn was alright, right?"

 "Yeah, luckily she was in contact with me."

 According to Paul, the thing known as teleportation, if you're making contact with some part of the body, then it seems you'll be sent flying along with them.

 "Is Norn healthy and energetic?"

 "Yeah, it seems she was a bit bewildered appearing in an unknown place at first, but now she's something like the idol of the group members."

 "I see, that's great."

 I see, Norn is healthy, huh.

 Yeah, that's truly something good.

 Certainly the blessing within unhappiness.

 You could even call it something joyous.

 However, why, is my heart not clearing up?

 "…"

 "……"

 The conversation paused.

 The atmosphere is unusual.

 Paul and my relationship, it shouldn't have been something like this.

 It was more like… a relationship with a light feeling…

 This is strange.

 Part 4

 A little while after that.

 Paul said something, but I couldn't think of anything good to respond to it.

 Stiff responses with no thought just continued to be repeated.

 Before anyone noticed, the only customers left were us.

 Any time now, it wouldn't be strange for them to come and ask us to leave so they can start closing.

 It seems Paul realized those signs as well.

 "Rudi, what are you going to do from here on out?"

 In the end that's what he asked.

 "For the time being, I'll escort Eris to the Fedoa region."

 "However, there's nothing left in the Fedoa region?"

 "But, we'll still return."

 We have no choice other than to return.

 Phillip, Sauros, Ghyslaine as well, it seems no one has been found.

 Even if we return there will be no one around.

 However, we have no choice other than to return.

 Why?

 It's because that was the objective of the journey.

 Realization of original intention.

 First off we'll arrive in the Fedoa region, then look at the current state of affairs and confirm it with our own eyes.

 After that, it would be alright if I head to the northern regions to search in Central Continent.

 If we ask Ruijerd he could return to Magic Continent, and he could look in various places.

 For the time being, it might be good to go to Begarrito Continent as well if I can understand the language.

 "After that, we'll look in other places."

 "I see."

 Just like this the conversation quickly paused.

 I don't know what to say.

 "Here."

 Just at that time the master of the bar left some cups in front of us.

 There was steam coming out of the wooden cups left before us.

 "It's service."

 "Thank you very much."

 Just as I realized, my throat was completely dry.

 My hands were clenched tightly, and my palms were covered in sweat.

 At the same time I realized my back and sides were awfully chilly.

 My bangs were clinging to my forehead.

 "Hey boy. I don't know the details, but…"

 "…?"

 "Please look at his face."

 After hearing him say it I realized it for the first time.

 I haven't looked at Paul's face even once.

 Ever since the first time I avoided his eyes, not even once, I wasn't able to look at Paul's face.

 I swallowed deeply and looked up at my father's face.

 It was a face filled with worries.

 It looked like it was going to cry at any moment.

 It was a terrible face.

 "What's with that face?"

 "What do you mean what?"

 Paul's face making a bitter smile was lacking energy.

 Coupled with that expression, the cheeks that are sunken in, it looks like a different person.

 However, I feel like I've seen a similar face somewhere before…

 Where was it?

 It was in the past.

 The past.

 I remembered.

 I was looking in the mirror at home.

 One or two years after I started secluding myself from being bullied.

 While thinking I can still make it, but a time when I still couldn't allow myself to go along with my surroundings, and was too self-conscious.

 I was too afraid to go outside, overcome with nothing but worry and impatience, it was my first unstable period I believe.

 I get it now.

 It's that kind of thing.

 Paul is feeling insecure right now.

 The people who he's looking for are still missing, no matter how long he waits no news will come, worrying, and worrying, maybe they were injured or something. Maybe they came down with some kind of illness. Or else, maybe they're already… Thinking that…

 Worrying and worrying…

 The one who finally showed up was me, since I was so different and easygoing from what he was imagining, he unintentionally got irritated.

 Even I have such recollections.

 That was soon after the time I started to seclude myself.

 An acquaintance from the time I was in middle school came by to visit, he talked about various things from school.

 Even though I'm this depressed, even though I'm this upset, he continued to tell me thoughtlessly about his life in school, I couldn't stand it and suddenly started to spit out severe words, venting my anger on him.

 The next day, if he appeared again, I thought I would apologize to him.

 However, he never came again.

 I never went to him myself.

 I had a strange pride.

 I remembered.

 This face is the face from that time.

 "I have a proposition."

 "Rudi?"

 "It's this situation, we have no choice but to become adults."

 "Yeah, well, certainly I don't think I'm greatly popular right now… What do you want to say?"

 The inside of my heart suddenly cleared up.

 I finally understood Paul's feelings.

 After thinking that, it was simple.

 Remember the past.

 The time when Paul scolded me and I talked back to him with a strong tone.

 In those days I thought he was a guy who couldn't be helped.

 Twenty-four years old, he was still young as a father, so I thought it couldn't be helped.

 It's been six years since then.

 Paul is 30 years old.

 Compared to me in my previous life he's still younger.

 And then if you were to compare him to me in my previous life, he's still a splendid person.

 I never did the things that I was supposed to do, only ever thinking about things to blame the other side.

 I'm different from that time.

 I swore that to myself.

 Recently I feel like I've forgotten about it, but I don't want to repeat the same mistakes again and…

 I swore that I would live seriously in this world.

 The scale this time is much greater, but it's the same thing.

 It's the same thing as six years ago.

 We're repeating the same mistakes.

 Even though we should have grown up, even though we should have advanced from before, we were just standing around in the same place this entire time.

 In regards to that I will honestly reflect on.

 And then above reflecting upon it,

 "Let's start again, as if nothing happened yesterday."

 I proposed that.

 This time, I was hurt.

 It felt like my heart was about to break.

 I'm sure, in those days, my friend who was worried about me as well, felt like this.

 And then, just like that with these feelings, he never appeared again.

 I need to make sure that isn't the case this time.

 My relationship with Paul, by no means should I let it be cut off.

 "Yesterday, we never fought. Now, this moment, we are a father and child that have just been reunited for the first time in years. Let's go with that."

 "Rudi? What are you saying?"

 "It's fine, look, spread out your arms, now~"

 "Ye-yeah?"

 Paul just spread out his arms like he was told.

 Then I jumped into that chest.

 "Father! I wanted to see you!"

 The smell of alcohol was floating in the air.

 Right now he's sober, but he might be experiencing a hangover.

 Or rather, I don't think he ever used to drink even a drop of alcohol…

 "Ru-Rudi?"

 Paul was bewildered.

 I placed my jaw on Paul's shoulder and slowly said it.

 "Look, it's your first time seeing your son in a long while, there's something you should be saying right."

 While thinking it was quite the farce, I once again embraced Paul with all my strength.

 His face had thinned, even his body I got the feeling that it had shrunk a full size.

 My own body should have gotten bigger, but Paul had gone through some hardship, far more than me.

 While continuing to be bewildered Paul let out the words…

 "I-I wanted to meet you too…"

 After I told him to say something, it seems like some kind of wall was torn down.

 "I've missed you too… I've really missed you, Rudi… Always, no one was found, I thought everyone might have died… You are, after seeing your appearance…"

 After looking up, Paul was shedding tears.

 His face was distorting and crumpled.

 A fully grown man shamefully broke down in tears and cried.

 "Sorry, I'm sorry, Rudi…"

 Somehow I ended up crying as well.

 I patted Paul's back and after a little while we both were crying.

 Just like this, after roughly five years I was finally able to be reunited with my father.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
