Volume 5  5 — Reconfirmation of Objectives

Volume 5 Chapter 5 - Reconfirmation of Objectives

 

 Part 1

 That day, I talked to Paul throughout the whole day.

 It's not like we were talking about anything important.

 They were just trifling conversations.

 We started with what had been happening at Buina village during the few years since I had gone to Stronghold City Roa.

 It seems that though he had two wives, there wasn't any debauchery. Zenith and Lilia had discussed things several times, and basically he would have no sexual relations with Lilia.

 However, it seems that Lilia was asking for permission in the case that Zenith became pregnant a third time, and Paul couldn't endure no matter what… or so the discussions seemed to have gone.

 Though it seems that Zenith had been conflicted about this, to Paul it was a convenient conclusion.

 How envious, huh?

 "And so, does it seem like I'll have another little sister?"

 "Nah, it was fairly… Even though in your case it was just one shot…"

 "To have given birth to such an excellent son in one shot, you were pretty lucky too, Tou-sama."

 "Keep on saying that."

 This isn't really the conversation a father and his 11 year old son would have, huh? Or so I was thinking, but the mood was quite comfortable.

 We didn't touch on Zenith or Lilia's life and death.

 We intentionally avoided it.

 We both understand.

 Even if we discussed that topic, nothing happy would ever come of it, and we'd just be left with miserable feelings.

 "Was Sylphy doing well?"

 "Yeah. That kid is amazing. I could feel your talent as a teacher."

 It seems that Sylphy had been doing well.

 In the mornings were jogging and mana training, and in the afternoons she'd learn healing magic with Zenith.

 It seems that after Aisha had grown to a certain extent, she'd learn etiquette from Lilia.

 "I guess you'd call her 'earnest', huh? She'd come over to our house a lot and would do something in your room, Rudi."

 "…Did Sylphy ever find anything there or anything like that?"

 "What? Did you hide something that would get you in trouble if seen?"

 "No, of course not. There's no way that would be the case, right?"

 Oh geez.

 "Well, it seems that everything disappeared, though."

 According to what Paul said, it seems that most of the objects in the Fedoa region disappeared.

 It seems that from small things like quill pens and ink jars, to architectural structures like houses and bridges, everything had disappeared.

 The only exception were things that had been in contact with the people who were teleported, he said.

 "Is that so?"

 That's a shame.

 Though I couldn't recall at all what was supposed to be a shame, but in the depths of my heart there was a profound sense of loneliness.

 "What were you doing at the time?"

 "You mean in Roa?"

 I was asked, and so I answer.

 About how on the first day I had been beaten by Eris, and it felt like my heart was going to break.

 About how by chance (??) we had been kidnapped, and how we had escaped somehow.

 About how using that, I became a little closer to Eris.

 About how despite this, she'd never listen in my classes.

 About how I had begged Ghyslaine in tears.

 About how thanks to her, Eris had begun to listen in class.

 About how after this, we slowly became closer.

 About how we learned to dance together.

 And after that, about my 10th birthday.

 "Your birthday, huh? Sorry about that…"

 "What about it?"

 "I didn't even show my face."

 To the citizens of the Kingdom of Asura, being 10 years old was a critical point in their lives, and so turning 10 was a milestone of great importance. Though I still don't know why it's so important, it's probably something like a lucky charm. A great celebration would be held, and even presents would be given.

 "That doesn't matter. Eris' family had properly congratulated me, after all."

 "I see. What did they give you?"

 "An expensive staff. It's called the 『Aqua HeartiaArrogant Water Dragon King』, though it's a bit of an embarrassing name."

 "Really? Isn't it cool?"

 Cool?

 What kind of stupid things are you saying? Isn't it a name that sends shivers of embarrassment down your back?

 Though in this world, it could be that the higher the performance of the item, the more extravagant the name it's given.

 "And Rudi. I've heard from Alphonse, you know? You received just one other nice present, didn't you?"

 "A nice present?"

 Let's see… What did I receive, anyway?

 Was it wisdom, bravery and infinite power?

 I don't think I have enough of any of them, though.

 "Come on, it's the Ojou-sama from Phillip's place. I saw her just a while ago, but isn't she quite the gallant and lovable girl? She'd tried to desperately protect you, you know…"

 …Received.

 I feel that it's a little off to say that.

 No, I mean, certainly Phillip had said "Alright" and approved, but it hadn't gotten to a stage where I could say "Itadakimasu".

 I want to cherish her.

 There's the incident yesterday, too. It was the first time anyone had gently hugged me when I was down, and even stroked my head until I had fallen asleep.

 I'll definitely never betray Eris.

 There's also the promise about when I turn 15, but even if I turn 15 and she changes her mind, I can endure it. Though even saying that, I'll probably still run wild. In 4 years from now, when my sexual desires will probably be even stronger, I'm not really sure if I'll be able to hold it in though.

 At the very least though, that's what I've decided for now.

 "Eris is someone important to me. Though, still, to say that she was something I 'received' doesn't really sit well with me, you see."

 "Well, you'd be marrying into her family after all. Rather than 'receiving', it's more like you'd be 'received', huh?"

 "Heh?"

 I let out a strange sound.

 Marry?

 "Well, with Phillip as a backer you're going to become a noble, right?"

 "What kind of talk is that? When did you hear this?"

 "When, you ask? Well, about a year before the teleportation, you know. That you and Eris were getting along, and that your feelings were firm, so a letter came about wanting to take you in as a husband, you know. Though I think that Asuran nobles are basically pieces of sheet, but since it was something you decided, I'd replied in a letter that I'd let you do as you like, but…"

 I see.

 In other words, by the time I was 10, Phillip had already finished all the arrangements with Paul.

 Had we not parted soon after that, there's no mistaking that over the next few years using this or that method, he'd have tried to pair Eris and I together.

 Just what about this is something you'd talk about in a bar?

 In other words, I can understand how Paul had come up with that kind of idea about Eris and I.

 Two people who'd promised to get married. Two people who in their anxiety were unable to bear it.

 Had we been lovers, then it couldn't be helped that it'd seem like we'd spent the journey flirting and making out.

 "Going by the sound of things, it seems that Phillip had pulled a blind one over us."

 "That seems to be the case, huh?"

 The two of us sigh together.

 Right now the same man's face is probably floating through our minds.

 Phillip. A high ranked noble of the Kingdom of Asura.

 A man with enough power to survive in the sordid place that is high society.

 "And so your relationship with the Ojou-sama is pretty good. As for Sylphy… Ah, nah, it's nothing. Forget I said anything."

 As if to say that his previous words were a slip of the tongue, Paul's words became ambiguous.

 Sylphy still hasn't been found yet.

 At least, according to the extent of Paul's knowledge.

 Though he said that it was nothing, I think about it.

 I like Sylphy.

 However, it's a feeling that's a little different than those I have for Eris.

 If I had to say it, she feels a lot like a little sister, or a daughter.

 'She's been bullied, and she's pitiful, so I'd better take care of her'

 It's a feeling like that.

 There's also the fact that I stop any further feelings from taking root.

 Though there's a similar kind of feeling with Eris, I've also been saved by her a number of times.

 If I were asked which of them would take the victory, I'd give the victory to Eris.

 However, it's not like this is a conclusion I've come to by judging them both fairly.

 There's the issue of the time we've spent together.

 As expected, the effect of spending a long time together is really strong.

 Though there are a lot of things you can bring up about your childhood friend, it's basically because of the long time you've spent together with them.

 I've spent twice the amount of time with Eris than I have with Sylphy.

 What we did during that time was deeper as well.

 Nevertheless…

 It's a different story if you're asking whether or not I'm worried that Sylphy is missing.

 "It'd be good if Sylphy was alive…"

 "Though it wasn't to your extent, that kid really did her best. I mean, she can even use chantless healing magic. She's sure to be alive somewhere. Healing magicians are quite valuable outside of the Milis Continent."

 "Is that so…?"

 …Mn?

 Just now I just heard something outrageous.

 "Please wait a moment. Sylphy can use chantless healing magic?"

 "Mn? Yeah, Zenith was surprised. But, you can use it too, can't you Rudi?"

 "I can't do it with healing magic, you know."

 I can't use healing magic without chanting.

 I can't understand the principal after all.

 No matter how much I use it, I can't understand the mechanism behind healing a wound with mana.

 "Is that so?"

 "Yeah. I can use it if I chant but…"

 "Well, though I don't really know about magic in detail, they do say that there's such things as affinities after all. Perhaps Sylphy has talent in that area?"

 Perhaps in the time that I haven't seen her, Sylphy has become much stronger than someone like me.

 It'll be a bit scary to meet her again, huh?

 If she says something like,

 'Rudi, you haven't grown at all, huh?'

 what should I do?

 While we were talking about various things, the distance between Paul and I completely disappeared.

 Part 2

 Around evening, someone greeted Paul.

 It was the Onee-san in the bikini armor, and the healing magician Onee-san. Today she wasn't wearing a bikini; she was dressed like a normal town girl. Just what was that yesterday?

 Well, it was also one of the causes of the argument, so she may have been showing prudence.

 "Tou-sama."

 "What is it?"

 "Of course I believe in you, Tou-sama, and there's also the matter from yesterday, so I'll just be asking to make sure. You haven't been cheating, right?"

 "Course I haven't."

 I see.

 Then I'm relieved.

 The fight I had with Paul yesterday was one of clashing suspicions.

 It was the result of prodding at each other's weakness with women, without any facts.

 Oop, bringing up something that 'never happened'. No good, no good.

 Well, it seems that Paul hasn't had the free time to care about women.

 The collapse of his family hasn't triggered anything either.

 I should follow his example and hold back my perversion for a while.

 At the end, to confirm my intentions, Paul asked,

 "Rudi. You said you were going to guard Eris, and escort her to the Fedoa region, right?"

 "Yes."

 While nodding strongly at those words, I reply.

 "Or would it be better if I participated in the search as well?"

 "No, there's no need for that. Whatever road you take, it'd be better to escort a member of Boreas back to the Kingdom of Asura, you see."

 "…It sounds like it's quite important. Is it really okay to leave it to me?"

 "There shouldn't be anyone better suited for it than you. There's also the fact that she trusts you, right?"

 It seems like she trusts me. I suddenly think this, but I wonder if Paul isn't overestimating me.

 No, however he evaluates me, I want to live up to his expectations.

 "Even so, it's not like you'd remain in Milishion no matter how many people guarded her instead, right?"

 While grinning, Paul said something easy-going.

 Considering only loss and gain, that would be an acceptable option too.

 Of course, I wouldn't be staying in Milishion; I'd be parting with Eris and searching independently.

 Returning to the Magic Continent and searching there from now on is also an option.

 However, in the end, this isn't something I can consider just as loss and gain.

 There's no way I'd prioritize anything that involved leaving Eris behind.

 I have to protect her.

 Moreover, I don't have any good memories about leaving something halfway done to start on something else.

 In my previous life, I had left everything half done.

 There's no mistake that both would be left halfway done.

 In this case, it'd be heading to the Magic Continent without escorting Eris to the end, and leaving things without having succeeded in anything.

 In that case, I'll do them one at a time.

 There's also Ruijerd's matter.

 It doesn't seem that someone straight-laced like him would get along well with the search party, and he might have a falling out halfway, saying something about how these actions were not suitable for a warrior, and then getting mad.

 "No, I think it'd be best after all if I escort her."

 "Well, there's no one stronger than you in our group, and you wouldn't be able to leave things to someone else, either."

 While saying that, Paul makes a complicated expression.

 It might be that he's bothered about losing to me in a fight.

 I had thought that it didn't count because he had been drinking though, and I'm not really in a position to console him.

 I'll just leave this alone.

 "How long until you depart from Milishion?"

 "Let's see. Since I want to save up travel expenses, it might be about a month."

 "If it's travel expenses, then I have some."

 Paul turns his head towards one of the two women. It's the robe wearing healing magician Onee-chan. She's freckled, and seems like quite a meek girl. Paul calls out to her.

 "I did, right?"

 "There's money entrusted from Alphonse-sama for the sake of searching for the Boreas family."

 It seems that Alphonse had said that it was for when anyone was found in Milis, so that they could travel comfortably, he'd leave some money with Paul.

 "And that's how it is."

 "I see. It's great that the money didn't disappear as alcohol expenses."

 "Shera's been looking after the funds, after all."

 It's pathetic that my father is saying this boastfully.

 I won't say it.

 "And so, how much is it?"

 "It's the equivalent of 20 Royal Notes."

 When I ask Shera, I receive an immediate reply.

 Royal notes are Milis' largest currency denomination.

 Using ￥1 = 1 stone coin as a reference, it'd be ￥50,000 per note.

 There are 20 notes.

 In other words…

 "ONE MILLION YEN!"

 "…What kind of reaction is that?"

 Paul looks confused.

 I'm dizzy from the money.

 Anyhow, this half year…

 I, who have been thinking about nothing but money issues, like a miser.

 Such a person has suddenly been given ￥1,000,000.

 "That much money… Isn't that enough to play around your whole life!?"

 "Well, though I think it'd be enough to build a house in the south, it's not enough to play around for a lifetime, you know."

 Ehhh, but it's ￥1,000,000, you know. ONE MILLION, YOU KNOW.

 It'd be 1,000 Green Mineral Coins!

 It'd be enough for a Superd to ride a ship!

 Oh. While I'm being happy, one more question comes to mind.

 "Ah, I have one more question."

 "You still have more?"

 "Yes. Though we had wanted to put a Superd on a boat at Windport, the voyage expense was huge. Though I don't know how much it'd be at Westport, it certainly seems like it'd be a lot. Would 20 Royal Notes be enough, or…?"

 "So it's about that, huh…?"

 Paul had crossed his arms over his chest.

 He's not going to say something like 'Leave Ruijerd behind' is he?

 "Shera. How much money is needed for a Superd to cross the sea?"

 Paul had suddenly asked her. Shera nodded in acknowledgement.

 "It would take 100 Royal Notes." she replied.

 Could it be that she's memorized it all?

 It was like that before as well, so she seems quite exceptional.

 From her appearance she seems quite like a secretary.

 "…!"

 Though when our eyes met, she let's out a small scream and looked downward. The former-bikini person casually positioned herself between Shera and my line of sight. I'm a little shocked.

 "Sorry. This girl is a bit bad with gazes. Please don't look at her too much."

 "Right…"

 The former-bikini person explains as such, and I have a vague response.

 Though things are normal with Paul now, am I still hated by the other group members?

 Well, it's fine.

 Still, 100 Royal Notes.

 That's about ￥5,000,000.

 It's not an amount that you can easily save up.

 I let out a sigh.

 "Why is it only the Superd race that has such a high fee?"

 "That's because the law was formed when the persecution of the Superd race was most severe."

 From behind former-bikini, Shera replied naturally.

 She replied readily, even without knowing about the person at the Windport checking station.

 Though her boobs are small, she's got quite the brain, huh?

 "Moreover, the noble presiding over that customs house is famous for hating the Demon Races. Even if you save up a stack of money, you might be stopped one way or another."

 "Is that so… Um, could nothing be done with the power of Kaa-sama's family?"

 "Sorry, but we're already treading a fine line with them. It wouldn't be good to trouble them any further than this."

 In other words, smuggling again?

 We have some bad memories with smuggling, so if possible I don't want to rely on it.

 It's something that happened on the same continent.

 It's possible that due to the links between the smugglers, we've already been blacklisted.

 The more I think about the Superd voyage fee, the bigger the headache I get.

 "I understand. Regarding the voyage expense, I'll do something about it myself."

 "Sorry."

 Saying that, Paul had grinned widely.

 He then turned his head with a proud look, towards the two women waiting behind him.

 "How about him? My little man. He's quite reliable, huh?"

 "Hahhh"

 "Umm…"

 The two women exchange a wry smile.

 Even if you ask that, just who was it that had been in a disgraceful argument with that son?

 "Tou-sama. Please stop doing vulgar things like asking a lady about how your 'little man' is. People will suspect the Greyrat family of being vulgar."

 "The way you're saying things is even more vulgar, you know."

 Saying that, the two of us laughed together.

 Though the two women drew away from us, we didn't care.

 "Now then. Rudi, it's about time that I go."

 "Yes."

 Paul stands up and taps me on the shoulders.

 It seems that we'd been talking for quite a while.

 When I look towards the counter, I saw that the bar-owner was smiling wryly.

 We'd stayed here through lunchtime as well, after all.

 I'd better tip him a little.

 "When you've decided on the plan for your journey, get in touch with me. Let's eat together with Norn before you leave."

 "Yeah, I understand."

 Saying that, I saw Paul off.

 I was looking at Paul's back as he left the bar with the two women.

 Seeing this I thought that he really was a womanizing, useless father.

 Part 3

 A while after Paul left, Eris and Ruijerd returned.

 Eris had a large bruise near her eye, and Ruijerd was making a complicated face.

 "What happened, you two?"

 "Nothing. So, what happened with that man?"

 As if to say she was extremely displeased, Eris folded her arms and snorted.

 "We made up."

 When I said this, Eris' eyes immediately narrowed.

 "Why!?"

 She smacks her clenched fists on the table.

 The table broke with a huge noise.

 Mn, well, it was quite powerful…

 "I see. So you made up, huh?"

 In response, Ruijerd looked glad.

 "Rudeus!"

 Eris had grabbed me by the shoulders.

 She's tightening her grip.

 Her strength is absurd.

 "Why!?"

 "What do you mean by 'why'?"

 I ask, a little confused.

 "Yesterday, weren't you completely depressed!?"

 "Yeah. You really helped me yesterday. Thanks to your hug, I managed to calm down quite a bit."

 That I could look at Paul's face today was also unmistakably thanks to Eris.

 Had it not been for that hug, I might have secluded myself in my room for a while.

 "That's not it! That man didn't show up to your 10th birthday either, Rudeus! Not only that, the journey through the Magic Continent was really tough! You were even thrown into jail in the Great Forest! And then, finally, even though you finally managed to meet him, he did something like that! You said that he rejected you, right!? Why are you forgiving him!?"

 Eris had spoken in one breath.

 I understand her point as well.

 Certainly.

 If you say it like that, Paul was the worst.

 Had he declared that he hated me, I would have believed it.

 Had I been a normal child, I'd probably have never forgiven Paul.

 However, it can't be helped that Paul had failed in regards to me. I've inherited my memories from my previous life, and have always done things well. Towards such an irregular son, it'd be unreasonable to expect him to interact normally. Paul has trouble grasping the distance between us, and is troubled over how to treat me.

 Moreover, despite the things I say, there are still various things I don't know about how a proper father should be.

 I don't think that this is anything bad.

 To me, from the standpoint of a son, a father is just someone who watches over and protects you from above.

 To me, it doesn't matter how many times Paul fails.

 My heart isn't broken anymore.

 Though, there's still the fact that we parted ways immediately.

 "Eris."

 "What…?"

 I'm troubled over what I should say.

 Eris is angry for my sake.

 However, it's something that is already settled to me.

 "Tou-sama is just one person. He'll make mistakes too."

 I said this, and then used Healing on the bruise near her eye.

 Though Eris had obediently allowed me to heal her, looking at her expression, I understood that she hadn't accepted this.

 When I had finished treating her, she sulkily returned to her room in the inn.

 While watching her go, I asked Ruijerd a question.

 "So, Ruijerd-san."

 "What is it?"

 "What's with that bruise?"

 The bruise near Eris' eye.

 She didn't have that yesterday.

 "I had difficulties in stopping her."

 He spoke calmly.

 Normally he'd fly into a rage about people hitting children, but it seems that his mind had changed.

 Eris had probably been violently struggling because she couldn't forgive Paul no matter what, but she and Ruijerd have a student and teacher relationship. Because of their training, this isn't the first time Eris has been injured.

 No, look carefully.

 Ruijerd's expression.

 It's not actually calm.

 He's not a man who makes a lot of facial expressions, but right now it's a little bitter.

 It seems he was reluctant.

 I guess there's no helping it, huh?

 Whether it's what happened, or what kind of conversation they had, or what kind of circumstances there were, I don't know any of it.

 However, there's only one thing I can say.

 That Ruijerd and Eris were at odds with each other was my fault.

 I was able to reconcile with Paul.

 In that case, what I'll say is my thanks.

 "Thank you very much. Thanks to you, I was able to reconcile with Tou-sama."

 "No reason for thanks."

 However, right now Ruijerd can't stop Eris without hitting her.

 Without me knowing, she's gotten steadily stronger, huh?

 Part 4

 A while after that, we had our strategy meeting.

 "Well then, let's begin the second strategy meeting since arriving in Milishion."

 The location is the bar.

 Thinking about it, today I haven't moved one step from the bar.

 This bar is comfortable. There aren't many guests, as well.

 "Didn't we have one just the day before?"

 Eris isn't angry anymore.

 I had thought that she'd be shutting herself up in her room, sulking, but she came back after about 10 minutes.

 The speed at which she's able to switch moods is something that I'd want to learn.

 "The situation has changed. Specifically, we no longer need to earn money. As a result, I think we should leave Milishion in the near future."

 Receiving 20 Royal Notes means that we don't need to work for money anymore.

 As for information gathering, I've heard what I needed to from Paul.

 Regarding the Superd race's reputation, for the moment we'll be putting it on hold.

 What this means is that the number of things that we can do in this town have decreased to almost nothing.

 I summarize this to them.

 Regarding the situation in the Fedoa region, I had been hesitant in discussing it with Eris.

 However, I braved it and told her.

 Rather than getting to the scene of the incident, and then tasting despair, it'd be better to prepare ourselves, starting now.

 "Eris, it seems that our home town doesn't exist anymore."

 "Right."

 "It seems that Philip-sama and Sauros-sama still haven't been found either."

 "It can't be helped, huh?"

 "We basically don't know Ghyslaine's whereabouts either, and it's possible that…"

 "You know, Rudeus…"

 Eris crossed her arms, raised her chin and looked at me.

 "I've already prepared myself for that much."

 There was no hesitation in Eris' eyes.

 They were eyes that as usual, held great strength, arrogance, and not a single doubt about her future.

 It's not that she had forgotten, but that she had prepared herself.

 That's what she had said.

 "Though I think Ghyslaine is alive somewhere, it wouldn't be strange if Otou-sama and Ojii-sama are dead, huh?"

 She said with a snort.

 In other words, because it was tough for her when she had been teleported to the Magic Continent, she had already anticipated that others might have died. The situation should be something like that, huh?

 No, she might be putting on a tough front.

 It's hard to tell apart the times when she's putting up a front, and the times when she really does have confidence.

 "After all, even though you'd been hiding it from me, Rudeus, I already knew it all along."

 I have no idea what she had supposedly known, but I don't feel like she's putting on a front at all.

 Eris has been in her own way, considering various things.

 In other words, the person who had completely forgotten about Fedoa, was just me, myself.

 It's kind of shameful, huh?

 "Is that so? I understand."

 As you'd expect of Eris.

 While thinking this, I continue the conversation.

 "At any rate, I was thinking that we'd leave town in about a week, but…"

 "Are you fine with that?"

 The one who asked that was Ruijerd.

 "What's wrong?"

 "Once we begin our journey, there's the possibility that you'll never see your father again."

 "We've ended up talking about something pretty unlucky again…"

 Because Ruijerd says it, the significance is a little different than usual.

 Still, it's not like we're in a war at the moment.

 On the contrary…

 "Because there are family members who we might never see again if we don't search for them, I'd like to prioritize them instead."

 "Is that so? That's right, huh?"

 With Ruijerd assenting to this, we finally start on our main topic.

 "For the rest of our journey, let's focus our activities on information gathering."

 As expected, I think the amount of time we should stay in each town is roughly a week.

 However, during that time we won't be earning money, but instead focusing on gathering information.

 What we'll be looking for is primarily the teleported people.

 The journey between Milis and Asura.

 In this world, this is the journey with the largest number of travelers, and the largest number of merchants; it's this world's Silk Road.

 Naturally, there are probably members of the search party investigating along it.

 However, there's the possibility that perhaps we might be able to find something that our predecessors hadn't.

 Redeeming the Superd name we can do someway or another, whilst carrying out this search operation.

 However, the name 『Dead End』 isn't well known on the Milis and Central Continents.

 We'd better have another thought about just how we're going to sell the Superd name.

 "The problem is the voyage fee, huh?"

 In this world, the act of crossing the seas itself has a special meaning.

 Though there are countless ways of dealing with entry into another country when it's a land route, it's only the seas that are difficult to cross.

 Especially for a Superd.

 "Regarding that, Rudeus, have a look at this."

 What Ruijerd produced was a single piece of paper.

 It was the envelope from yesterday, that I had given up on trying to see.

 I take it and have a look.

 The words 『To Duke Baqciel』 are scrawled across the front.

 On the back is a seal of red wax.

 The design on it might be a family crest.

 It gives a truly unrefined feeling.

 "This is?"

 "It's something that an acquaintance of mine wrote for me, yesterday."

 An acquaintance.

 Now that it's mentioned, Ruijerd did say that he'd be going to meet with an acquaintance.

 "What kind of person is your acquaintance?"

 "A man named Gouache Brush."

 "What's his occupation?"

 "I don't know. He seems pretty important."

 I'm told that he met Gouache over 40 years ago.

 It was on the Magic Continent.

 Ruijerd had saved a group that was being attacked by monsters, and Gouache was among them.

 At the time, Gouache was still a child and so looked on Ruijerd with fear and hostility, but it seems that by the time they had parted, they'd become relatively friendlier.

 When he had finished escorting them to town, he was told that if he ever came to Milishion, he should visit, but because there was never the chance to, he had forgotten. However, it seems when we were circling the town to get to the Adventurers District's Entrance, he had suddenly seen with his 『eye』 and had remembered.★

 As a result, he had felt that he may as well visit, but there was the chance that perhaps Gouache had forgotten. It seems that while carrying that anxiety in his chest, Ruijerd had approached him, but upon doing so, Gouache had remembered him as if a matter of course, and had greatly welcomed him.

 Though he had planned to leave things with just a greeting, the two of them hit it off.

 After talking about the journey up until now, it seems that he had said,

 'Well then, when you get to Westport, show them this.'

 Hitting it off with Ruijerd.

 I wonder if he's someone a bit like Gustav?

 Someone who'll immediately write a letter, and seems to be of important standing…

 Hm, I want to try sneaking a peek inside, but it does certainly seem that breaking this seal will invalidate the contents of the letter, huh?

 "This Gouache person is probably a noble, right?"

 "He did have a lot of subordinates."

 Subordinates.

 It's quite a Ruijerd-ish way of putting things.

 They're probably servants or something.

 'A lot' is also quite vague.

 Be that as it may, at any rate, he's Ruijerd's acquaintance.

 It wouldn't be strange even if he turned out to be a Devil King candidate, aiming at the king.

 "Did you go to his house?"

 "Yeah."

 "Was it big?"

 "Pretty big, I guess."

 "How big was it?"

 "Not as big as the Kishirisu castle, I guess."

 Kishirisu Castle.

 For it to be smaller than this means that it isn't the White Palace in the middle of the lake.

 It seems that as expected, they aren't royalty.

 But it's something whose size is comparable, huh?

 Hmmmm.

 It's Ruijerd's acquaintance.

 I don't think he'd be a bad person, but…

 According to Paul, the noble in charge of the customs house hates the Demon Races.

 If this acquaintance's standing is something half-assed, then there's the possibility that handing over the letter will cause problems.

 It might be better to find out who this Gouache person is.

 No, but there's the happy expression that Ruijerd made when he produced the letter.

 I'd hate for us to end up discussing trust again, after having come up with stupid ideas about Gouache.

 Well, whatever.

 At any rate, I can't think of any other way of doing things.

 I'll just let Ruijerd save face here.

 Then I'll secretly ask Paul about the name Gouache later.

 "I wouldn't mind even if we left tomorrow though, you know!"

 I smiled wryly at Eris' comment, and ended the strategy meeting.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
