Volume 1  4 — Teacher

Volume 1 Chapter 4 - Teacher

 

 Part 1

 3 years old.

 Recently, I finally got to know my parents' names.

 My father's name is Paul Greyrat.

 And my mother's name is Zenith Greyrat.

 My name is Rudeus Greyrat.

 The eldest son of the Greyrats.

 Even though I'm named Rudeus, my parents always shortened each other's names whenever they called each other, and shortened mine to Rudi. Thus, I only got to know my full name after a very long time.

 Part 2

 “Oh, Rudi really likes books.”

 As I'm always walking around with a book, Zenith lets out a laugh.

 They never lectured me or tried to take the book away.

 I always have a book tucked under my armpit even when I'm eating. However, I won't read the magic textbook in front of my family

 It's not to hide my talent. It's just that I don't know how magic is viewed exactly in this world.

 In my previous world, witches were prosecuted during the Middle Ages.

 It was when any spellcasters were treated as heretics and burned.

 There are practical books like this in this world, so the use of magic probably won't be deemed as heresy, but it may not necessarily be viewed in a positive light.

 Maybe the common understanding is that magic can only be used after becoming an adult.

 Since it's a dangerous act that would cause fainting after overexertion.

 Some might think of it as being a detriment to growth.

 And with that thought, I decided to keep my understanding of magic from my family.

 Maybe that fact was already long revealed when I shot magic spells out of the window

 And I had no choice then. I wanted to see how fast I could shoot them anyway.

 The maid (I think her name's Lilia) occasionally looked at me with a dangerous expression, but my parents continue to be happy-go-lucky, so I felt it's still okay.

 If I'm stopped here, I guess it can't be helped, but I don't wish to miss out the growth period.

 Talent will rust if it's not grown when it needs to be grown.

 I have to make use of this period as much as I can.

 Part 3

 However, I had to put this secret magic training to an end.

 It was a certain afternoon.

 My mana capacity had grown quite a lot, so I started to try some intermediate spells, reciting a water cannon spell with the mindset of simply trying it out.

 Size: 1, Speed: 0.

 Like usual, I just wanted to do it to fill up the barrel with water.

 I just thought it would end up overflowing at most.

 But unexpectedly, an absurd amount of water was released, smashing a big hole in the wall.

 Left shocked, I was unable to think of what to do due to shock.

 A hole opened in the wall is undoubted proof that I used magic.

 And there's nothing I can do about that.

 I quickly gave up.

 “What happened!? Whoa………”

 At first, it was Paul who rushed in.

 And then he stared at the wall with his mouth agape.

 “Wai-hey, what the……… Rudi, are you alright……?”

 Paul's really a nice guy.

 No matter how anyone looked at it, I'm definitely the one who did this. However, he's worried about my body.

 “Monsters…? But in this vicinity?” Even now, he's mumbling stuff like that, while looking around warily.

 “Oh my…”

 And Zenith followed him into the room.

 She was calmer than Father.

 After looking at the ruined wall and the puddles of water on the ground,

 “Oh…?”

 Her eyes sharpened as she stared at the page of the magic textbook where I had left it open.

 After looking at me and the book, she crouched down in front of me, and stared at my eyes with a gentle expression.

 Scary.

 There's no smile in her eyes.

 And I continue to focus my faltering eyes on Zenith with all my might.

 I learned something when I was a NEET. When you did something wrong, a stubborn attitude will only make things worse.

 Therefore, I can't avoid her eyes.

 This is a moment when a sincere attitude is needed.

 I can't avert from the person's eyes, and I have to meet them face on. This alone will make me look more sincere.

 It doesn't matter what one think. The main aim is to appear sincere.

 “Rudi, did you read out loud what is written on this book?”

 “I'm sorry.”

 I nodded, and apologized.

 When something wrong was done, it's best to simply apologize.

 After all, only I, nobody else, could have done this.

 If I'm to come up with a shoddy lie, my trustworthiness will decrease.

 I lied as much as I wanted in the past, and became untrustworthy as a result.

 I will not make the same mistake again.

 “No, wait, this is an intermediate……”

 “Kyaa! Did you hear that, darling!? Our child's a genius after all!!"

 Paul's words were overpowered by Zenith's scream.

 She grabbed Paul's hands and jumped around in exhilaration.

 How energetic.

 Was my apology ignored?

 “No, you, erm, I haven't taught him any words anyway!”

 “Let's hire a home tutor right now!! This child will become a remarkable magician in the future!!”

 Paul was still perturbed, while Zenith was completely delighted.

 It looks like Zenith's exuberant over the fact that I used magic.

 And maybe I was worrying too much, thinking that on children shouldn't be using magic.

 Lilia remained calm as she quietly cleaned the room.

 This maid probably knew that I was using magic for quite some time, or she already had a feeling that I was somehow doing it.

 Perhaps she didn't think it was a bad thing, so she didn't take it to heart.

 Or maybe she just wanted to see the happy faces of my parents.

 “Hey dear, go out to Roa tomorrow and put up a job request!! This talent must be properly trained!!”

 Zenith was getting excited by herself, making a ruckus about genius, talent.

 Am I considered a genius for being able to suddenly cast magic?

 Is it my parents' doting on me too much? Or that using intermediate magic spells is considered amazing? I'm unable to tell.

 No, perhaps it's really my parents doting on me.

 I never used magic in front of Zenith before

 “I guess it's true.” But since she did say those words, maybe she already thought I was a genius.

 It's baseless……

 Ah, no.

 I suddenly remembered.

 Because I was always alone.

 When I was reading, I would occasionally read or repeat phrases that I liked.

 And ever since I came to this world, I would mumble to myself while reading books.

 At first it was Japanese, but after I learned how to talk, I would subconsciously use this world's language.

 And then, when I mumbled to myself, “Rudi, that is-----” Zenith would teaching me the meanings of those words.

 Because of that, I remembered quite a lot about the fixed terms of this world. Well, never mind about that.

 I never said anything to anyone, but I learned the letters of this world by myself.

 My parents didn't even teach me how to talk.

 From my parents' viewpoint, it'll seem that “Our child can read words we never taught him, and read out loud the contents of a book.

 That's definitely a genius.

 If it's my child, I'll also think that he's a genius.

 In the past, the same thing happened when my younger brother was born.

 He grew up fast, and did everything faster than me and my older brother.

 Saying words out, walking on his own feet.

 My parents were also optimistic; whenever their kids did something, even if it's nothing too big, they'll go “That kid's definitely a genius”

 Well, I'm a damned NEET who dropped out in High School, and my mental age is more than 30 years old.

 Without that much experience, I'll be a miserable wretch.

 That's 10 times! 10 times!

 “Darling, get a tutor!! We'll definitely find a good magic teacher in Roa!!”

 And then, when they find someone with talent, the one thing all parents would do would be to get the best education for him.

 In my previous life, my parents praised my younger brother's talent, and let him learn all kinds of things.

 And so, Zenith suggested to hire a magician to be the home tutor.

 But Paul objected to this idea.

 “Wait, didn't we decide that if he's a boy, we'll make him a swordsman instead?”

 If it's a guy, he'll take up a sword. If it's a girl, she'll learn magic.

 It seemed that was decided before I was born.

 “But he can activate intermediate spells at this age!! If he starts training now, he will become an amazing magician!!”

 “But a promise is a promise, right!?”

 “What promise!? Don't you always break your promises!?”

 “My matters have nothing to do with this now, right!?”

 And so, a couple's quarrel began at that moment.

 Lilia calmly cleaned up the room.

 “Let him learn magic in the morning, and learn swordsmanship in the afternoon. Isn't that fine?”

 After the quarrel persisted for a while, Lilia finished up her cleaning, sighed, and suggested that, ending the argument.

 And so, the idiot parents subjected me to study while ignoring what their kid wanted.

 Oh well. I guess it's good since I decided to live on seriously.

 Part 4

 And because of those reasons, our household decided to hire a tutor.

 It seems the income as a tutor, for a noble child, is rather good.

 Paul's one of the few knights in this area, and still had the status as a lower-class noble. Thus, he's able to provide a salary befitting of his status.

 But this is a village area far away from the capital.

 Thus, as befitting of the border, it's rare to get outstanding talents here, let alone magicians.

 Would they be able to hire someone just by sending a request to the Magic guild and the Adventurer guild?

 Even though I had such worries, the unexpected thing was that we quickly found a tutor, and that tutor will come in tomorrow.

 This village had no inn, so the job offer includes accommodation too.

 According to my parents' guess, the one arriving is probably a retired adventurer.

 Young people won't come to the countryside, and a court magician can easily find work at the capital.

 In this world, only magicians ranked advanced and above are qualified to become a magic tutor.

 An consequently, an adventurer's rank is probably above intermediate.

 The one coming is probably a middle-aged or old man who spent his life devoted to researching on magic.

 That person probably has a beard, giving the impression of a sage.

 “I am Roxy. Please give me your guidance.”

 But contrary to my expectations, a young girl came along instead.

 She's probably of similar age to a Middle School student.

 She's dressed in a brown magician's robe, her light blue hair in braids, and her compact body felt just right.

 The white skin, devoid of any suntan, was accompanied with sleepy half-opened eyes. She had curt-looking lips, and though she's not bespectacled,, she does give the image of a studious girl always working in the library.

 She's holding a bag in one hand, the other hand holding a staff a magician would use.

 And thus, she met with the 3 of us in this house.

 “……”

 “……”

 My parents were speechless as they look at her.

 That's to be expected.

 It was beyond what we expected.

 We imagined the tutor to be someone who had weathered many years.

 But the person who came was a little fellow like this.

 To me, who had played a lot of games, a loli-like magician wasn't something out of the ordinary for me.

 Loli, half opened eyes, brusque.

 With these 3 qualities, she's perfect.

 Please be my wife.

 “Ah-ah, you're, that, home tutor?”

 “Ah, that's, really---”

 With my parents stuttering, I quickly added,

 “You're really small.”

 “I don't want to hear that from you.”

 I was immediately refuted.

 Maybe she has a complex about it.

 Even though I wasn't referring to the chest.

 Roxy sighed.

 “Hah. Anyway, which one's the student I'm supposed to teach?”

 She looked around as she asked,

 “Ah, it's this child.”

 Zenith introduced me, who was in her arms.

 I gave her a wink.

 And she immediately widen her eyes, letting out a sigh,

 “Haaa. I guess it happens from time to time, huh, that there are idiot parents who think their child has talent after growing slightly…”

 She quietly grumbled.

 I heard that!! Miss Roxy!!

 Well, I couldn't agree more with that.

 “What is it?”

 “It's nothing. However, I think that child of yours doesn't understand the concept of magic, right?”

 “It's fine. Our Rudi here is very talented!!”

 Zenith said something any stupid parent would say.

 Roxy sighed again.

 “Haa, I understand. I'll try my best.”

 She probably assumed it's useless to say anything else.

 And with that, it's decided that in the morning, it'll be Roxy's lessons, and in the afternoon, it'll be swordsmanship studies under Paul.

 Part 5

 “Well, let's start from the magic textbook…… No, before that, let's test how much magic you can use, Rudi.”

 For the first lesson, Roxy brought me into the courtyard.

 The magic lessons are mostly done outdoors.

 She too understands what'll happen if magic is used in the house.

 And she won't break the wall like I did.

 “Let me demonstrate. Bestow the protection of water to the place where thou demands, let the crystal clear stream appear here, 『Water ball.』”

 When Roxy recited the spell, a basketball-sized water bullet was formed in her hand.

 It flew towards one of the trees at high speed.

 Crash.

 The branches snapped easily, and the fence got soaked.

 Size 3, speed 4. Around there, I guess.

 “How's that?”

 “Yes. That tree's one Mother raised with such care. I guess Mother will be angry.”

 “Eh!? Really?”

 “No doubt.”

 There was that one time when Paul swung his sword and cut the branches. The fury Zenith had wasn't just the ordinary level of terror.

 “Isn't this bad? Got to think of something……!!”

 Roxy frantically ran to the tree, and picked up the fallen branches.

 And with her face red, she took the branches.

 “Uu… let the power of God be converted into a bountiful crop, and bestowed into one's who had lost their strength to stand up once again, 『Healing』"

 It's another chant.

 And the branches are back to how they were before.

 "Phew.”

 Wow. Amazing.

 Anyway, got to praise her.

 “Phew.”

 “Teacher, you know how to use healing magic!!?”

 “Eh, yeah. I have no problems up to the intermediate rank.”

 “Amazing!! That's amazing!!”

 “No, if you train properly anyone can do things to that extent.”

 But though her response was somewhat curt, the corners on her lips showed otherwise by curling upwards, and her nose seemed to twitch slightly, proudly. She's happy.

 I only shouted "amazing" twice, and she's already this happy. That's too easy.

 “Now then, Rudi. Try that.”

 “Okay.”

 I raise my hand……

 Oops, I haven't used a water bullet chant for almost a year. Now I can't remember it.

 Let's try out what Roxy just said, Erm, erm,

 “Erm, how do you say that again?”

 “Bestow the protection of water to the place where thou demands, let the crystal clear flow appear towards here.”

 Roxy replied indifferently. Maybe this is within her expectations.

 But even if you replied so indifferently, I can't remember it in one try.

 “Bestow the protection of water to the place where thou demands…… water ball”

 I really can't remember it, so I simply shortened it.

 I make it a little smaller and slower compared to the water bullet Roxy made.

 If I make it larger than hers, she might end up pouting.

 I'm very generous when it comes to younger girls.

 The basketball-sized water bullet flew out with great force and a whoosh.

 And the tree falls over with a loud crack.

 Roxy looked at me with a complicated face.

 “You shortened the chant?”

 “Yes.”

 Is that bad?

 Come to think of it, voiceless incantation was never recorded in the magic textbook.

 I've been using it quite casually, but maybe I touched upon something taboo, I guess?

 Or is she angry because it's 10 years too early for me to be using voiceless incantation……

 Under that scenario, is it better for me to refute by saying , So what about it, who'll want to use such a lame chant?

 “Do you usually shorten your chant?”

 “Usually…… I don't chant.”

 I didn't know how to answer that question, so I just told the truth.

 It'll be revealed either way when I attend her lessons from now on.

 “Voiceless incantation!?”

 Roxy widened her eyes, staring at me with a skeptical look.

 “……I see. So you usually use voiceless incantation. I see. Do you feel tired?”

 However, she immediately reverted to her prim expression.

 “Yes. I'm fine here.”

 “Is that so? No complains about the size and strength of the water bullet here.”

 “Thank you very much.”

 Roxy finally gave a smile.

 A large grin in fact.

 And she muttered,

 “…… Looks like there's some worth teaching him, huh?”

 Like I said, I heard what you just said.

 “Now then, let's hurry to the next spell…”

 Roxy looked rather excited, and just when she's about to open the magic textbook,

 “AHHHH!!!”

 A scream rang behind me.

 It's Zenith, who came to check on us.

 The drinks on the tray she's holding falls onto the ground, her hands covering her mouth as she stared at the snapped tree.

 A sorrowful expression.

 Replaced with the color of fury the next instance.

 Ah, this is bad.

 Zenith stormed over and approached Roxy.

 “Miss Roxy!! Will you please not treat our home as an experiment platform!!”

 “Ehh!! But this was done by Rudi……”

 “Even if Rudi did this, you're the one who allowed him, right!?”

 Roxy looked thunderstruck, completely shocked, her eyes blank white as she lowered her head.

 Well, you can't push the blame onto a 3 year-old kid.

 “Yes…… You're right.”

 “I hope this won't happens again!!!”

 “Yes, I'm very sorry, madam……”

 And that, Zenith cast healing magic to splendidly repair the tree, and return back into the house.

 “To think I made a mistake so quickly……”

 “Teacher…”

 “Haha, I might be fired tomorrow.”

 Roxy sat on the ground and began to draw [[の]].

 She really can't take any setbacks.

 I patted her shoulder.

 “………”

 “Rudi?”

 Even though I patted her shoulder, I don't know what to say to console her, since I haven't communicated properly with anyone for almost 20 years.

 Sorry, I really have no idea what should I say at this time…

 No, calm down.

 Think about it carefully. How will a protagonist in an ero-game try to console her in such a situation.

 Hmm, I'm sure it's something like this.

 “You didn't fail just now, teacher.”

 “Ru-Rudi…?”

 “You're accumulating experience.”

 Roxy stared at me in surprise.

 “Th-that's true. Thank you.”

 “Yes. Please continue with the lesson.”

 And so, from the first day onward, I managed to get along with Roxy.

 Part 6

 The afternoon's about training with Paul.

 There's no wooden sword fitting my body size, so training's basically physical here.

 Jogging, push-ups, sit-ups, and so on.

 Anyway, it seems Paul's plan is based around getting me to move first.

 On days when Paul's unable to train me due to work, it could be said that basic body training was something that cannot be missed every single day.

 That's the same no matter which world it is.

 I'll try my best.

 As a child, my physical body can't endure the training for an the entire afternoon, so swordsmanship will end in the early afternoon.

 Because of that, I'll expend my mana till dinner.

 Magic spells expend different amounts of mana depending on the 'changes to the size'.

 For example, if the default is 1 for voiceless incantations, additional mana will be expended the more I expand the spell and increase the speed.

 The law of conservation of mass at work.

 But in contrast, for some reason, the smaller I make it to be, the more mana I have to use up.

 I really don't understand the logic.

 Creating a single droplet of water requires me to use much more mana than creating a fist-sized water bullet.

 It's really strange.

 I asked Roxy this question I always had, but the only answer I got was “That's just the case”.

 It looks like it's still unsolved.

 I still don't understand the reason.

 But this isn't a bad method for my training.

 My mana capacity has increased quite a bit recently. If I don't use some large spells, I won't be able to expend it all.

 If I simply want to wear out my mana supply, I just need to use maximum output until it runs out.

 But now it's time to try training my dexterity.

 Thus, I decided to do some very delicate works.

 Using magic to do small, refined and delicate work.

 For example, the creation of an ice statue, lighting a fire on my fingertip, or writing words on the board.

 I tried splitting the soil I obtain from the courtyard into parts…

 And even things like hanging a key in front of the knob.

 Earth magic does affect metals and minerals to some extent.

 But the more metallic the item was, the more mana I had to expend.

 I guess it's really hard to change things that are sturdier.

 The smaller the control target, the more delicate, complicated the task was, and the more accurate and efficient it is, the more mana that had to be expended.

 Throwing a baseball with all my strength.

 Slowly leading a thread through the hole of a needle.

 The amount of mana required for these two actions was roughly the same.

 Also, I tried using various types of magic at the same time.

 I needed to use at least 3 times more mana.

 So if I use 2 different systems of magic at the same time, and cast them gently, precisely, swiftly at the same time, I can easily deplete all my mana.

 And after continuing such training everyday------

 I end up unable to deplete all my mana even after casting spells for half a day or more.

 I guess this should be enough. My heart started to waver.

 My lazy bones are starting to tell me that this should be enough already, right?

 Each time, I yelled and scolded myself.

 Muscles grow numb if one slacks off in training.

 Surely mana works the same way. I can't neglect my training just because I had some increase in capacity.

 Part 7

 While casting magic in the middle of the night, I could hear some irritating yelping noises.

 Where are they coming from? Of course it was from Paul and Zenith's room.

 Busy working.

 Maybe in the not-so-distant future, my younger brother or sister will be born, I guess.

 I think it's good to have a little sister.

 Yup, I don't want a younger brother.

 The image of my younger brother smashing my computer with a bat with all his strength still remained.

 I don't want a younger brother.

 A cute sister is better.

 "Goodness gracious…"

 In my past life, if I heard something that annoying, I would immediately slam the wall and floor to shut them up.

 Because of that, my older sister never brought a guy back home again.

 Such nostalgia.

 At that time, I always thought the people who did that were the malice that painted my world.

 I always thought those bullies were mocking me from a place I could not reach out to. Thus, I always had some rage within me that I couldn't vent.

 The ones who pushed me into the dark, unpleasant space however were looking down at me, saying. Why are you still in that place?

 There's nothing more humiliating. than that.

 But recently, I changed my thinking.

 I'm not sure if it's because my body became that of a kid, because of my parents, or because I'm working hard for my future myself.

 But I'm about to eavesdrop on their actions with a magnanimous, supporting attitude.

 Hmph, I'm an adult too……

 I can more or less guess what's going on just from listening to the noises.

 It seems that Paul's very good at this.

 As for Zenith, she'll be knocked down after a while, being all breathless and such, but Paul would say something like "It's still early~", and keep on attacking.

 Just like a protagonist in some sexual humiliation ero-game.

 An unspeakable amount of stamina……

 Hah, since I'm Paul's son here, maybe I too have that kind of energy!?

 Awaken.

 For the Heroines!!

 Grant me the pink colored development!!

 Well, that initial enthusiasm's wilted recently though, and I'm able to calmly head towards the toilet while passing through that creaking corridor.

 Just so you know, the creaking would stop whenever I pass by their room. It's really interesting.

 That day, I walked to the toilet to indicate my presence, this son of theirs who's able to walk.

 Well then, shall I greet them today?

 Papa, mama, what are you doing naked? That's what I'll ask.

 I'm looking forward to their excuses. Kukuku…

 With that thought, I quietly head out of the room.

 But another guest was there already.

 The blue-haired girl's squatting in the dark corridor, peeking into the room through the door's gap.

 Her face's flushed and she was holding in her quickened breath, but her eyes glued into the inner rooms.

 I can see her hand reaching beneath her robes, doing some inviting movements.

 I quietly return back to my room.

 Roxy's a lady at an appropriate age.

 I'm generous enough to pretend not to notice her in indulging in this kind of thing.

 ……Just kidding.

 Well, I saw something good.

 Part 8

 4 months have passed.

 And I'm able to use all the intermediate spells.

 And so, I started taking night classes from Roxy.

 Oops, there's nothing erotic being taught during these night classes.

 The content of the studies are mostly miscellaneous knowledge.

 Roxy's a good teacher.

 She doesn't stick too much to the curriculum.

 She's teaching me progressively according to my understanding.

 She's highly adaptable to the understanding of the students.

 She picks a question from the prepared textbook to test me; if I'm able to get it correct, she'll move on to her next one.

 If I don't understand, she'll teach me patiently.

 And this alone makes me feel like my view of the world has broadened.

 In my past life, there was a time where a home tutor was hired, when my older brother was taking his exams.

 There was once when I felt interested, and listened in on the lesson.

 However, it wasn't any different from what was taught in school.

 Compared to that, Roxy's classes are easier to understand, and interesting.

 A class where I'm certain to get answers for my questions.

 Moreover, it's a teacher at the age of a junior high school student teaching me, budding with regards to sex.

 That scenario's the best for me.

 If it's the past me, that delusion alone will cause me to masturbate 3 times.

 Part 9

 "Teacher, why's magic only used in combat?"

 "Actually, you can't say it's just used for combat only…"

 Roxy will always answer any of my sudden questions seriously.

 "Hmm, indeed, where shall I begin……? First of all, magic is said to have come from the ancient long-eared raceHigh Elves."

 WHOA, elves!!

 Do they really exist!?

 Golden hair, green clothes, wielding bow, and always getting bound by tentacles!!

 Oops, calm down.

 They're probably different from what I know……

 Though as the word imply, they have long ears……

 "What are the long earsElves ?"

 "Hmm, long earsElves are a race living North of the Millis continent ."

 According to Roxy's words,

 A very long time ago, before the war between humans and demons broke out, the world was still in chaos, and wars arose everywhere. During that time, ancient long-eared raceHigh Elves were able to communicate with the forest spirits, manipulating the earth and winds to fight off the invaders. It's said that was the world's oldest magic.

 "Heh? It's recorded down in history too?"

 "Of course."

 Roxy nods away at my mocking words.

 "The magic now is derived from the human race imitating the ancient long-eared raceHigh Elves' magic during the wars back then, and evolving it. Humans are especially good at such things."

 "The human race is very good at such things?"

 "Yes, the human race is always the one creating new things."

 It seems the human race loves to invent.

 "The reason why magic is used only in combat is because it's basically only used in those situations. Even if magic's not relied on, there are things around us we can use to do what we want."

 "The things around us refer to?"

 "For example, if you need a light, you can use a candle or lantern, right?"

 I see, that's something very common.

 Compared to using magic, a tool is definitely simpler.

 That's kind of logical.

 Though if it's voiceless incantation, it's even simpler than using a tool.

 "Also, not every type of magic is suited for combat. For example, with summoning magic, you can call out a similarly ranked magic beast or spirit."

 "Summoning magic!! Can you teach me someday?"

 "No, I have not used it either. Also, among the tools, there are magic items as well."

 Magic items.

 I can basically imagine it from the wording.

 "Magic items are?"

 "Items that contain special effects. The inner portion are inscribed with a magic formation, so one can use it even if he's not a magician. However, these magic items require expending a lot of mana."

 "I see."

 Basically as I imagined.

 Come to think of it, it's a pity that Roxy can't use summoning magic.

 Attack magic and healing magic concepts could still be understood, but I have no idea how summoning magic worked.

 Also, there was a lot of vocabulary that suddenly appeared.

 The human-demon war, familiars, spirits……

 "Sensei, what's the difference between magic beasts and magic creatures?"

 "Not much difference."

 Basically magic creatures are creatures that experienced some changes.

 And once magical creatures increased in number by chance and become a race, after generations they would possess a certain amount of intelligence and become magical beasts.

 It's just that even if they possessed intelligence, they were still called magical creatures if they attacked the human race.

 In retrospect, regarding magical beasts that became vicious over generations, there were examples where they reverted back to magical creatures.

 There are no clear lines.

 Magical creatures = Attack humans.

 Magical beasts = Don't attack humans.

 This line of thinking should be fine.

 "That is to say, the demon races evolved from monsters?"

 "Not at all. The demon races had been named that long ago during the human-demon war."

 "It's that human-demon war that was just mentioned?"

 "Yes. The first war was about 7000 years ago."

 "That is certainly a very long time ago."

 This world's history was actually that long.

 "That's not considered very long. Humans were still fighting up until 400 years ago. From 7000 years ago, the human race and the demon races continued to fight each other."

 I thought 400 years was considered a long time, but it actually persisted for nearly 7000 years.

 Was the relationship that bad?

 "Hah, I see. So in conclusion, what does the demon races point to?"

 "To define the demon races is quite troublesome……

 If it's really necessary, 'The races that stood on the side of the demon races during the previous war' should be the easiest to understand.

 Of course, there are some exceptions."

 "Ah, to add on, I'm also from a demon race."

 "Oh, I see."

 A demon was here as a home tutor.

 Did it mean that there was no ongoing war now?

 It's best when we are at peace.

 "Yes. To formally put it, it's the Migurd race from the Bigoya area in the demon continent. Didn't Rudi's parents look shocked when they saw me?"

 "I thought the reason was that Sensei looked small."

 "I'm not small."

 Roxy rebutted me. She looked like she took this thing very seriously.

 "They became shocked when they saw my hair."

 "Hair?"

 I thought it was pretty blue hair.

 "The typical rumor is that the closer the demon race's hair is to green, the more violent and dangerous it is. Especially when my hair looks like it's green under different lighting……"

 Green.

 Was that this world's warning color.

 Roxy's hair was a pretty green that made people eyes wake up.

 She played with her fringe as she explained.

 Her actions were really cute.

 If there were blue hair in Japan, it must be a punk or an oba-chan.

 No matter which type it was, that unnatural feel made me feel disgusted.

 But Roxy's hair didn't have that unnatural feeling and it didn't make me feel any disgust.

 It could be said that it suited Roxy's sleepy expressions.

 If she was a female lead in an ero-game, she was definitely very suited to be conquered first.

 "Your hair is really pretty."

 "…… Thank you for the compliment, but you should leave that kind of talk for a girl you like in the future."

 "But I like Sensei."

 I said without hesitation.

 I'm not a person who hesitates.

 I'll express my love to all the cute girls.

 "Right. If you haven't changed your thoughts 10+ years later, we will talk about it again."

 "Okay, Sensei."

 Even though it was reflected lightly, I didn't miss Roxy's slightly happy expression.

 Even though I didn't know how much a good guy's training in ero-games could be used in this different world.

 But it can't be said to be completely meaningless.

 Something like this dokidoki line might be a clichéd joke in Japan, but it might be a fiery trail to a romantic love.

 Yup, what the heck am I talking about?

 Roxy's cute and H. If I can just raise a flag.

 But the age difference is quite big.

 What's going to happen in the future?

 "Going back to that topic, 'the brighter it is, the more dangerous it is' is complete superstition."

 "Ah, it's all superstition."

 I really thought it was a warning color.

 "Yes, the Superd race from the Babinos area is a green-haired race, and they committed a lot of atrocities during the war 400 years ago. That is why they have this rumor, so it really has nothing to do with hair color."

 "Many atrocities?"

 "Yes. During the 10+ years war, their crimes made both parties feel fear and hatred. Their race is very dangerous, and after the war, they were prosecuted and chased out of the demon continent."

 Chased out after the war ended?

 That's amazing.

 "Are they really that hated……"

 "It is simply so."

 "What did they do?"

 "Well this, I only roughly…… it's just that, I only heard this in my childhood. I heard they attacked a friendly location on the demon races' side and killed all the women and children, or they annihilated every single enemy and then killed their allies. There are also stories about how if you don't sleep at night, a Superd will eat you up, and things like that."

 Shimaachau oji-san?

 "The Migurd race is one that's similar to the Superd race, so they were also implicated in the past. Even though your parents will tell you this sooner or later………"

 "Remember this."

 Roxy emphasized.

 "If you see someone that has emerald hair and a ruby-like stone on their forehead, don't approach them. If you have no choice but to talk to them, you must not anger them."

 Emerald hair, ruby stone on the forehead.

 This seemed to be the Superd race's special trait.

 "What happens if you anger them?"

 "He might kill your entire family."

 "Emerald colored hair and ruby stone on the forehead, right?"

 "Yes, the thing on their forehead can see the movements of mana. It's their 3rd eye."

 "It can't be that there are only women in the Superd race?"

 "Eh? No? There are men too?"

 "Will the stone change blue after doing something?"

 "Huh? N-no? At least I have never heard of that before."

 What the heck are you saying? Roxy tilted her head, confused.

 I just wanted to ask for my own satisfaction.

 "But that kind of trait is easily recognized right?"

 "Yes. If you see them, immediately fake something like "I need to go right now" and avoid them. Suddenly running away might anger them."

 Like running away from some delinquent will only make them chase after you.

 I had such an experience.

 "Based on the things you told me, it will be fine if you respect them?"

 "I think it's fine if you don't insult them openly. It's just that since there are many differences between the human race and the demon races' common sense, you might make them angry over some stuff. It's best not to use snide remarks."

 Hm.

 They seemed to be easily provoked.

 But rather than saying we're being hurt, it's better to say that we're afraid.

 That feeling of, "oh that guy is going to be scary when he's angry, it's best to avoid him." Something like that.

 Scary, scary.

 I don't think I can reincarnate after being killed again.

 Best to avoid them with everything I have.

 The Superd race, don't mess with them.

 I carved it into my heart.

 Part 10

 The magic classes progressed smoothly.

 Recently I could use all the advanced magic.

 Of course it's using voiceless incantations.

 Compared to the usual training I had, it's as easy as picking my nose when using the advanced magic.

 Though the advanced magic are mostly AOE, so using them felt very restrictive.

 Rain over a large area - what could I do with it?

 I actually had this thought, but it seemed that Roxy produced rain when she came here and received praise for it.

 I heard this from Paul when I stayed at home.

 Besides that, Roxy received multiple requests from the villagers and used magic to solve various problems.

 "I found a large rock when I was turning the soil, please help me Rokaemon!"

 "Leave it to me, Dan*rako."

 "What magic is that?"

 "This magic wets the soil around the rock, and then I'll change it to mud with earth magic, making it combination magic."

 "Woah, that's incredible, the rock is sinking!!!"

 "Hmphhhh."

 That kind of feeling!! (probably)

 "As expected of Sensei. You're helping others."

 "Helping others? No, this is earning pocket money."

 "You're charging?"

 "Of course."

 What a cheapskate!

 Even though I was thinking that, it seemed normal to the villagers.

 Because no one else could do this in the village, they kept praising Roxy.

 Give and take.

 It's my perception that's wrong.

 Helping others without compensation is a must.

 This is the feeling of a Japanese person.

 The norm was to charge money for it.

 This was the norm (to charge money). Common sense.

 Well, because I'm a NEET who didn't even talk about helping other less fortunate people, I'm treated as a troubled person by my family.

 Hahaha.

 Part 11

 One random day, I asked.

 "Should I call Sensei Shishou?"

 In the end, Roxy showed a look of disgust.

 "No, you will most likely easily surpass me. It's best not to call me that."

 It seemed like I had the potential to surpass Roxy.

 I felt a little embarrassed when I got praised like that.

 "You wouldn't call someone who's weaker than you Shishou, right?"

 "Not at all."

 "I hate it. Someone who's better than me calling me Shishou - isn't that embarrassing yourself?"

 Is that the case?

 "Is it because Sensei is stronger than Sensei's teacher that you say this?"

 "Listen to me, Rudi. Shishou, this thing, is someone who can't teach you anything more but still expects things from you ----- This troublesome existence."

 "But Roxy won't do that, right?"

 "Perhaps I will."

 "Even if that's the case, I will still respect you."

 Even if it's Roxy who takes up an attitude of asking me to do things.

 I will still smile and respect her.

 "No, I might be jealous of my student's potential and say something ugly."

 "Such as?"

 "A mere dirty demon, or something like that, shouldn't go to that village, etc."

 Were you criticized like that?

 Poor thing.

 Discrimination is a bad thing.

 But the superior-subordinate relationship had always been this way.

 "That's okay, it's just a little thing."

 "Just because a person is a little bit older doesn't mean it's totally okay!! A teacher-student relationship without a certain strength will make each other unhappy!!"

 I was cut off.

 It seemed that her relationship with her teacher was far worse than I imagined.

 Because of that, I never called Roxy Shishou.

 But I decided to always call her that in my heart.

 This girl who still retained a little childishness taught me many things that a book could not.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
