Volume 5  6 — One Week in Milishion

Volume 5 Chapter 6 - One Week in Milishion

 

 Part 1

 Because we had decided on our plans, I visited the inn Paul was staying in.

 However, it seems like he's out.

 The person there told me where the search party's headquarters were, and so I moved there.

 It's just an average 2 story building.

 In a place not unlike a conference room, Paul had been working quite seriously.

 Together with 10 odd other men, he's discussing something or another.

 When I try and listen in, I find that they seem to be working on some large project.

 Since arriving in Milishion, I had only ever seen him drunk or hungover, but seeing him in the middle of work like this, that father of mine looks considerably reliable and cool.

 We'd just met with bad timing, and it's not like he was spending everyday drinking and complaining.

 Or so I had thought, but upon hearing the contents of their conversation, it seems that he had spent the last month binge drinking and never showed up at work at all.

 In fact, it was only starting yesterday that he had suddenly become motivated again, and showed up to work like he did in the past.

 There's probably no doubt that he wanted to show me his good side.

 In other words, it's because of me that this guy is working.

 Hahhh, dear me. Goodness, I'm such a sinful man.

 For now, I'm just waiting until Paul has spare time.

 Since just sitting there staring wouldn't get me anywhere, I look around the inside of the building.

 In a certain room, I happen to spot Norn playing.

 In her surroundings are other children of about Norn's age.

 They had been happily playing with something similar to building blocks.

 It's likely that this is a nursery or something.

 "Hey."

 Because our eyes had met, I casually raise my voice and call out to her.

 When I did, she had made a startled expression, and then immediately glared at me and threw a block at me.

 I catch it.

 "Go away!"

 It's a flat-out rejection.

 Well then.

 It seems that I've done something to make her hate me.

 If it's just the things that I'm aware of, the incident where I hit Paul is about it.

 Yep. There's no doubt it's that.

 "Um, I've made up properly with Tou-sama, you know?"

 I tried excusing myself, but…

 "Liar!"

 Norn said that in a loud voice, and then ran away without pause.

 It seems that I'm really quite hated.

 It's a bit of a shock.

 I return to the defacto waiting room, and wait there a while for Paul.

 When I take a seat in the corner of the room, glances came my way.

 Among them are the kidnappers from the other day.

 As expected, I really am hated, huh?

 While I'm feeling uncomfortable there, an excessively flesh-colored and conspicuous person entered.

 While I was wondering 'Just what happened to the plainness from yesterday?', donning a bikini armor she drew the surrounding gazes, and suddenly noticed me.

 Now she's walking towards me.

 "Good morning."

 "Good morning. What are you here for today?"

 With a smile, Bikini-san tilts her head questioningly.

 "I've come to meet my father. Umm…"

 Umm, what was this person's name again?

 I haven't heard it yet, right?

 "I haven't introduced myself yet, have I? Excuse me. My name is Rudeus Greyrat."

 Standing up with an arm across my chest, I bow in the manner of a noble.

 When I did, Vera became confused and moved her arms in a fluster and replied,

 "Ahm, uhm… I-, I'm Vera. I'm one of Paul-danchou's subordinates."

 When I raise my head, I inevitably get a glimpse of the depths of her ravine.

 It's poison for the eyes. And poison is sometimes used as medicine, and medicine is something that heals you.

 It was just before I had decided to be reserved, and I didn't really want to see it, but it entered my line of sight no matter what.

 No matter what I had decided in my mind, as though my sight was being urged on by a fox, it would be pulled towards a certain point.

 How unfair.

 "I apologize for the other day. My father is somewhat of a skirt-chaser, and so I had somewhat misunderstood."

 "N-, no, no. It's fine. Because I'm dressed like this, it couldn't be helped."

 Replying while keeping up appearances, Vera quickly shook her head.

 And as she did, a certain part of her jiggled and shook.

 Though it may be a bikini armor and technically does fix things in place, it can't stop the vibrations from being transmitted.

 They're big, after all.

 No, no…

 …I somehow manage to tear my gaze away.

 "I think it might be better if you didn't appear in front of men with that kind of appearance. It might be alluring to others. Would it not be better to at least put on an overcoat?"

 "…There's a reason for this, so…"

 Vera smiled bitterly, and said that.

 It might be my imagination, but it feels like the gazes of the other group members are gathered on me.

 Did I perhaps say something bad…?

 I don't understand. I'll ask Paul about it later.

 "Around what time does Tou-sama finish?"

 When I change the subject, Vera tilts her head in thought.

 "Umm, because the work from this past month has been piling up, I think he'll be busy for a while."

 "Is that so…? For now, the plan is to leave Milishion in 7 days, so could you please relay this to him?"

 "Seven days? That's quite hasty, isn't it?"

 "It's normal for us."

 "Is that so…? I understand. I'll bring Shera here. Please wait a little."

 Saying that, she ran further into the building.

 After a short time, she returns with the robed healing magician.

 When she received my gaze, she let out a sound and hid behind Vera.

 "The leader's schedule is packed, but he has time four nights from now. If you're planning to eat, please come at that time."

 "I'm not really asking you to force a window though…"

 "When the leader speaks to you, he's lively. That's why even if we have to force it, please do come."

 While hiding behind Vera, Shera replies in an uninterested tone.

 She sure hates me, huh? No, it could be that she's afraid of me.

 Though I'm a bit reluctant… well, whatever.

 "Four nights from now, correct? I understand. Would it be better to head to the inn?"

 "We've got reservations at the restaurant the group regularly uses, so please head there directly. The location is…"

 And like that, Shera indifferently told me about the location and time.

 It seems to be a restaurant called 『Rage Milis』, in the Commerce District.

 I had asked just in case, but there doesn't seem to be a dress code.

 Still, somehow the setting feels a bit like dining together with the president of an important company.

 It feels like Paul's gotten quite important, having his schedule managed by a secretary.

 "Will you be bringing a companion?"

 At the end I was asked that, and though I suddenly thought of Eris, at the same time I recalled the line "I'll beat him to death".

 "No, I'll be coming alone."

 With that, I had finished making an appointment, and I left the building.

 Part 2

 Now then. One week is short. I have to use it meaningfully.

 While thinking that, I went to the Milishion Adventurers Guild.

 As expected from a place called the headquarters, it was a fairly large building.

 It was a 2 story building, and was the largest of all the Adventurers Guilds I'd ever seen.

 Though I say that, I've seen plenty of large buildings before, so I'm not really that moved.

 First is information gathering.

 For now, the main topic is the issue of the Fedoa region. Nevertheless, I didn't find any information that I hadn't heard from Paul already. In other words, the one most informed about this in these parts is as expected, Paul's search party.

 What I searched for next was information on the monsters in the Milishion area. There was a large difference in the threat level when compared to the Magic Continent.

 The 'Giant Locust' is a big locust, the 'Meat Cut Rabbit' is a carnivorous rabbit, and the 'Rock Worm' is a large earthworm etc. etc.

 The number of extremely weak monsters is high.

 Compared to the Magic Continent, the size of the monsters are small as well.

 In the lands that we had braved, it was common to find monsters whose size were many times that of a human's.

 Even the Pack Coyotes that we had hunted to extinction (exaggeration) were more than 2 metres long.

 Things like the Acid Wolf were greater than 3 metres in size.

 Even the Great Tortoise was on average 8 metres from front to back, and the largest ones were over 20 metres.

 The monsters I'd seen in the Great Forest during the rainy season as well, were monsters that were about the size of a human.

 Compared to that, the size of the monsters in the surroundings of Milishion were only about as tall as a person's knee.

 Though it's not to say that the greater the size, the stronger they are, but their size is basically their only weapon.

 In conclusion, the monsters in the Milishion area are weak. This area is safe.

 Next I think about how to redeem the reputation of the Superd race.

 However, it's difficult.

 This is because there's a faction in Milishion that is trying to expel the Demon Race. The ones guiding this are one of the holy knight orders of Milis; the Order of the Temple. They loudly call for the Demon Race to be expelled from the Milis Continent.

 Though I say this, the one who holds the most influence in Milishion isn't that faction.

 The head of the faction that advocates coexistence with the Demon Race is the Pope incumbent, and so the Order of the Temple isn't openly trying to expel the Demon Race.

 However, should a Demon Person cause a problem in town, these knights will immediately come flying in to blame them.

 Even if their position is weak, as long as they have a just cause, they'll come down strongly on the Demon Race.

 If we assert that Ruijerd is a 『Superd』 and do things on a large scale, it's probable that the Order of the Temple will immediately have their eye on us.

 The city is always under the watch of the Order of the Temple.

 In that case, how about outside the city then?

 While thinking this, I accepted a certain quest.

 The requests posted were mostly B rank, and this was one of those.

 It seems that in the neighboring town, a monster was running wild.

 It's in a place that is close enough for me to make a day trip.

 The target for subjugation is an emerald green tiger; the Leaf Tiger.

 Normally it's a monster that inhabits the southern parts of the Great Forest.

 For some reason it's moved south and settled down close to the town.

 Because it's fur is an erratic green pattern, with parts that are a brown pattern as well, when inside a forest it completely blends in with the scenery.

 Because of the difficulty in detecting it, coupled with the fact that it moves in groups, it gained a B rank designation.

 However, right now the target is a single leaf tiger, and moreover is on a plain field, you could say it's even less dangerous than an acid wolf.

 Using the ranking system to describe it, at best it would be a D rank.

 Finding a request like this during the time I was on the Magic Continent would have been cause for delight.

 When I quickly make my way there, the timing was just right because the tiger was holding a chicken in its mouth, and was leisurely leaving the village.

 Noticing me, it dropped its prey and growled at me, but Eris had just said 'Leave it to me' as she began running, and in the blink of an eye it was cut perfectly in two.

 The request really was completed too quickly.

 The villagers were very thankful towards us.

 Lately, the tiger had been acting violently in the area, and a number of villagers and livestock were injured.

 It seems that usually one of the holy knight orders would come to defend the town.

 However, it seems that just a few days ago, there was an incident where a shrine maiden had been attacked nearby.

 It seems that with the exception of the commanding officer, all the members of the Order of the Temple that had composed the guard unit had been killed, and the shrine maiden had just barely been saved, but the responsibility for the defeat of the unit lay with the commanding officer, and so he had been dismissed.

 In the first place, lately there had been a lot of suspicious kidnapping incidents, and because the knight orders were becoming tense, this kind of incident had occurred. Because of that, both the religious order and the knight orders had their hands full.

 Thus, the knights had left the dangerous B ranked monster problems to sort themselves out, and with no other choice, requests were sent out at the Adventurers Guild.

 Well, the problems of the knight orders or whatever are none of our business.

 Now then, with the information I've obtained, I'll begin my experiment.

 I'll publicize the Superd race here.

 Ruijerd is actually a Superd, and so that the Superd can get along with people all around the world, we're travelling around and piling good deeds.

 The Superd tribe is a race that's daunting upon first glance.

 Thus, I create a stone statue.

 If you look at this, Ruijerd's name is mentioned, and no matter how scary the Superd look, in the blink of an eye their attitude towards the Superd will soften, and like a stubborn grandfather looking at their grandchild, their expressions will relax.

 After a few minutes they'll probably end up as soul brothers of a hundred years.

 Even if I say so myself, it's a perfect sales pitch.

 However, the village head had a complicated expression on.

 Though he was grateful to Ruijerd as an individual, something of this level wouldn't remove the prejudice against the Demon Race, and as a follower of Milis, he was reluctant to have a statue depicting a Demon Person.

 I was told this, and the statue was rejected.

 My experiment hadn't gone well.

 As expected, it seemed that things couldn't be solved in one go like that.

 Or perhaps as expected, it wouldn't do unless it was a bishoujo figurine?

 Should I start making gender-bent Ruijerd figures from now on?

 No, there'd be no point then, huh?

 "You made this kind of thing, huh…?"

 On the way back to Milishion, Ruijerd had taken a long look at the figurine and strongly praised it.

 "That's right! Rudeus is great at this sort of thing, after all!"

 Then, seeing the figure, for some reason Eris said that in a boasting manner.

 Though it was rejected this time, my figurines sell for quite a high price.

 My figurines of the Beast Race Sword King had caught the eye of some country's princess after all.

 It wouldn't even be exaggerating to say I was a royal purveyor.

 While thinking about things like this, I was feeling proud but…

 "However, this stance is full of openings, huh?" said Ruijerd.

 "That's true. The stance is no good, huh? It has to be lower…" said Eris.

 In the end, the figurine was no good.

 Nyoro~n.

 Part 3

 Three days later, the day before the dinner appointment.

 Although I'll be having dinner with my family, I don't have any clothes to wear.

 There's no real dress code, but the clothing I'd bought on the Magic Continent are seen as quite shabby in these parts.

 Thus, I'm browsing clothing shops with Eris.

 It's a date, so to speak.

 Though I say this, it's nothing that romantic.

 Eris is looking for clothes to buy, she isn't that active about it, and it feels like she's fine with buying whatever.

 Because she's like that, I'll be choosing clothing for her as well.

 From now on is the domain of the Human Race.

 We'll be judged according to their tastes, after all.

 At the very least, I want to be presentable enough that we aren't ridiculed at first sight.

 If there was at least one person here who knew the latest fashion trends, we could ask them for advice but…

 Among my acquaintances, there's basically only the monkey-faced newbie or Vera, but I don't know where the monkey-faced newbie is, and I don't know Vera well enough to ask her for a favour.

 We could probably ask the shop clerks at the more expensive stores for advice, but the clothing in those kind of stores probably don't cater to adventurers.

 It'd be awkward to go in and ask for advice, and then leave without buying anything.

 If we owned a set of those kind of clothes, it might possibly come in handy, but we might also never use it. Thinking this, I can't help but feel awkward.

 Because of Paul's assistance, we have money, but I don't want to squander it away either.

 Thus, we started watching the people walking down the road, and decided to decide on what to buy based on that.

 Although my hobby is observing humans, Eris and I are sitting on the side of the road and people watching.

 It's just to a certain extent, but it seems like a lot of people are wearing blue clothing.

 Additionally, there are both those who don outerwear, and those that don't.

 Because the climate is good, the outerwear is thin as well.

 "It seems the fad these days it to wear blue, huh?"

 "Blue wouldn't suit you, Rudeus."

 Eris immediately rejected the idea.

 Well, I'm not exactly eager to follow the latest fashion trends, but…

 "Then, what would you say suits me?"

 "Didn't Gisu give you something? That one was good, you know."

 That fur vest, huh?

 However, the size is a little big.

 Because it's longer than necessary, it ends up looking like a coat.

 That said, though it's not uncomfortable, and I'd wear it on cooler days, still…

 "Though that vest isn't bad, it's a little too long, huh?"

 "Right. It really is a bit long, huh? What if you cut it?"

 "That'd be a waste. I'm growing after all."

 While having such a conversation, I decided on what to buy.

 As expected, Eris and I don't care much about fashion, and the fact that we didn't take long to shop is an indication of that.

 Or so I thought, but near the end Eris bought a black dress.

 It's made from a black material with a white rose embroidery, and is quite the stylish dress.

 "Eris, did you buy that?"

 "…What? Do you have a problem with it?"

 "No. I think it suits you."

 "Hmph. It's not like I need compliments."

 With that conversation, we finished that day's shopping.

 Part 4

 The day of the dinner appointment.

 When I had mentioned that tonight I'd be having dinner with Paul and my family, Eris began saying that she wanted to come too.

 Had it not been for the incident the other day, I would be saying 'by all means', but Eris is still holding animosity towards Paul. Enough that you could call it 'killing intent', it's quite a strong hostility. It's not that I can't understand her feelings, but I've already decided to get along with Paul.

 If that was it, then I'd be trying this or that to reconcile them, but as far as things go, tonight is the first time in years that it's just been our family. My relationship with Norn hasn't improved either. That's why I have Eris sit this one out.

 Wearing new clothing, the new me - 'Newdeus', heads to the restaurant.

 I try my best to avoid passing through alleyways. There are a lot of kidnappers in alleyways, and in certain places, there's also a lot of bloodshed. It'd be terrible to dirty my clothing with blood.

 There's plenty of danger on the main streets as well. Because it's dinner time, there are a lot of people who have bought things like yakitori walking around. If they bumped into me, it'd splatter all over. That much is obvious. Thus, I had unsealed my demon eye. While seeing things a second ahead in time, I magnificently avoid the crowds of people.

 I arrive.

 Because there had been something like 'reservations', I had been on guard, but it was actually an extremely normal shop. It was a bar unaffiliated with an inn. There seemed to be a lot of townsmen in it, and it didn't give off a dangerous atmosphere to the customers.

 I enter the shop, give the waiter my name, and they guide me to a seat. Sitting there is a bitterly smiling Paul, and a frowning Norn.

 "Sorry. Was I late at all?"

 "No… Sorry about this; Shera had been kind of enthusiastic about this for some reason. I had told her that the normal bar would be fine, but…"

 "Isn't this fine on occasion?"

 While saying this, I took a seat.

 Norn is ignoring me.

 "Come on, Norn. It's your Onii-chan, you know. Greet him."

 "Don't wanna. I don't want to eat dinner with the person who beat up Otou-san."

 "Come now, you shouldn't be saying something like that, right? I did something bad, so I was hit."

 "Otou-san didn't do anything wrong."

 Norn's cheeks were puffed in anger, and was sulking in a truly adorable way.

 "Your Onii-chan and I have already made up. Right, Rudi?"

 "Of course. If you wanted, I could even kiss you."

 "Eh?"

 "Eh?"

 'Are you saying you'd hate to be kissed by your son?'

 Though I had thought that, I'd hate to be kissed by my old man as well.

 It was a slip of the tongue.

 "Come on, we've made up. You should get along with your Onii-chan too, Norn. Okay?"

 "Don't wanna."

 Paul is patting Norn on the head.

 Her hair is a beautiful blonde.

 Looking at this hair brings Zenith to mind.

 When there was something she didn't like, Zenith would also pout like this and trouble Paul.

 This might be something that Norn had inherited.

 Though for a while Norn was obediently being patted by Paul, she's definitely still glaring at me.

 Her eyes are a bit upturned.

 It might be that she's trying to threaten me, but all she manages to do is look cute.

 "Otou-san has been trying really hard, you know."

 "Yeah. I'm aware of that."

 "He hasn't been playing around with women at all, you know."

 "I have heard. I'm truly sorry for doubting him."

 "He's also really nice to me, you know."

 Tears are gradually forming at Norn's eyes.

 Crap.

 Did I say something mean, perhaps?

 Crying is a bit…

 "Otou-san always looks like he's going to cry, you know!"

 "…Is that so?"

 "Nah, I mean, recently, you know…?"

 Because Norn is about to cry, Paul and I converse confusedly.

 "Otou-san is really pitiful, you know!"

 "…" "…"

 "Hitting him like that, you're horrible, you know!"

 Seeing this, I had let out a deep sigh inside.

 Paul and Norn were teleported together.

 I'd heard about what had happened.

 While traveling, Norn had gotten sick, and it seems that they'd been attacked by monsters.

 The one who had been protecting her was Paul.

 Separated from her mother, separated from her maid, separated from her little sister, with anxiety wrenching at her heart, only Paul was there for her, and he was the only family she could rely on.

 And then suddenly a man appeared, and in a mounted position, had been beating up Paul.

 It's something that could leave quite a trauma.

 "Norn, that was, I(otou-san) was…"

 "It can't be helped, Tou-sama."

 At least if she were a bit older, we might have been able to reach some understanding through discussion.

 However, at this age things would be quite difficult.

 That both of us had done something wrong, and that both of us had accepted and understood this… she's still too young for us to make her understand.

 "Norn is still young, and moreover, if I were in her position, I wouldn't forgive the guy who beat up my father either."

 It can't be helped that I'm hated by Norn.

 We can just wait a few years, and discuss things with her then.

 When the time comes, Norn will surely understand.

 Though time is limited, it also has the power to settle things down.

 However, it doesn't seem like Paul feels the same way.

 "No. It's possible that it's only you two siblings left. You have to get along with each other."

 'It's possible that it's only you two siblings left.'

 When I realize what he means, I knit my eyebrows together.

 "Tou-sama. Please don't say such ominous things."

 "…You're right. Sorry."

 Oop, no good.

 The atmosphere has become heavy.

 Okay. Time to change the subject.

 "By the way, Tou-sama. What's the specialty of this shop? I skipped lunch today, and so I'm already starving."

 Though I had plainly changed the subject, Paul seemed to understand.

 While making an awkward smile, he answered.

 "Mn, let's see. The stew made from the seafood caught in the ocean to the south is delicious. There's also beef. There are a lot of beef farmers in this area. There's quite a difference in taste to the beef in Asura, and there are a lot of stews but…"

 "I'm looking forward to it. The meat on the Magic Continent was plain bad."

 "Great Tortoise, was it? Monster meat is, you know, generally a crappy taste."

 Like that, we begin to converse back and forth, but Norn is still ignoring me.

 It can't be helped. Though it can't be helped, it's a bit disheartening.

 It's because I'd recently made Paul an enemy.

 My chest hurts.

 I've done something bad to Paul.

 "Come to think of it, Tou-sama, there's something I'd like to inquire about."

 "What?"

 "Do you know of a person called Gouache Brush?"

 "…Nah, I've never heard of them. Where'd you hear the name?"

 And with that, I had asked about the letter Ruijerd had brought back.

 Because I had made a copy of the crest on the letter just in case, I show that as well.

 "A sheep, a falcon, and a sword, huh? It should be one of the paladin families. But I don't recall having heard the name Gouache Brush. I don't know that much about the Milis nobles either, after all…"

 "I see… Do you think Shera-san would know if we asked her?"

 "I wonder… I'll try asking her later."

 While feeling a little unease about the letter Ruijerd had brought, I end the conversation there.

 After that are more trifling conversations.

 We talk about birthdays.

 It seems that since roughly a month before my tenth birthday, the monsters in the forest had become more active. It seems that because Paul and Zenith were busy dealing with that, they hadn't had the free time to send me a present. It seems that they had finished dealing with the monster issue a day before my birthday, but when they started thinking about sending a present, they were teleported.

 "By the way, what were you planning on giving me?"

 "I was going to give you a gauntlet. I had thought a bit badly about it since it was something I had found inside our storehouse, but it was a magic item after all. It was as light as a feather, and though the size didn't fit me, I had thought that it'd fit you, Rudi."

 "I see. So you had something like that as well."

 "Yeah. Though Zenith had said that hers would be a secret, Lilia had seen her making a satisfied expression at a small locked box, so that was probably it."

 "A box?"

 I wonder what it was. I'm a little interested.

 Still, no matter how much we talk about things I didn't get, nothing will come of it.

 After this, the conversation ended up at the topic of Zenith's family.

 The family that Zenith had come from was a distinguished family that had produced a number of excellent knights.

 Zenith was as good as disowned, and so it seems the people I could call my maternal grandparents were not interested in searching for her.

 However, it seems that they had completely changed their minds when they saw Norn.

 No matter the world, grandparents are weak to their grandchildren.

 "I wonder if we'd get more money if I showed my face as well."

 "No, you'd probably have the opposite effect, huh…"

 "…Right?"

 Though I could fake the cuteness of a grandchild, it seems like I'd be inviting trouble.

 I'd better not.

 We had conversations like that, had an enjoyable dinner, and then I parted with Paul.

 In the end, Norn had ignored me to the end but you can say that it was a fruitful dinner.

 Part 5

 And in the blink of an eye, a week had passed.

 It's the day we're to set off, we're at the Adventurer's District's gate. I had gotten on a carriage, and just as I was thinking 'Alright, let's go' Paul had come to see us off.

 "Rudi. It'd be fine to stay just a bit longer, you know?"

 For some reason Paul had said something easy-going, but it's a bit late now.

 "If we keep saying "Just a bit", "Just a bit", it seems like we'll end up staying for a whole year."

 "You and Norn haven't managed to make up, after all."

 "It won't be too late to worry about that after I find the other three."

 Moreover… I glance at Eris.

 Eris had been caught by the scruff of her neck, and was glowering at Paul with a demonic expression.

 I had thought that she was quick to change her mind about things, but it doesn't seem like that's the case.

 "It isn't just me that wants to meet their family, right?"

 "I see. But the Boreas family is most likely…"

 "Please stop."

 As he spoke with a complicated expression, I interrupted Paul with my hand.

 "There's the possibility that the information just hasn't come, and when we return to the Fedoa region, both Philip-sama and Sauros-sama have already returned as well."

 "…I see. That's true. But Rudi."

 Paul spoke with a serious expression.

 "Don't be too optimistic. Regarding Philip and the others returning home safely; with the scale of that disaster, who knows what's happened."

 "What do you mean?"

 Paul lowered his voice a little and said.

 "I mean that for the sake of protecting himself, Philip's brother may have pushed all the blame onto one of the two."

 When I hear this, certainly, it does seem like it's possible.

 The feudal lord Sauros, and the mayor Philip.

 The two of them were in charge of the region.

 Even if they return safely, the burden of having lost their territory and their citizens will follow them around.

 I don't know how nobles take responsibility according to Asura law.

 However, at the very least, after the two of them return safely to their hometown, they probably wouldn't flaunt it as their ability as a lord.

 There's also the possibility that the place where Philip's brother has escaped to might be closed up, and they might be murdered for the sake of crushing them politically.★

 "If anything happens, protect that Ojou-sama. There might also be those who act on noblesse oblige, but it's nothing for you to worry about."

 "I understand. I'll take your warning to heart."

 My expression stiffened, and I nodded.

 Paul makes a proud look, and nods as well.

 "Also, regarding the writer of that letter, it seems Shera doesn't know either."

 "I see…"

 "She did say that she didn't think it'd be a dangerous person though."

 "I understand. Please convey my thanks to her."

 Paul nodded firmly.

 And then, looking behind him, he calls out to the girl there.

 "Come on, Norn. Say goodbye to your Onii-chan."

 "…Don't wanna."

 Norn was hiding behind Paul.

 Half of her face is peeking out though. She's truly adorable.

 In the future, she'll probably grow into a beautiful woman like Zenith.

 "Norn. I don't know how many years later it'll be, but let's meet again."

 "…Don't wanna."

 Even until the end, Norn wouldn't turn her face to look at me.

 While smiling bitterly, I returned to the carriage.

 Like that, I left Milishion and began my journey.

 Part 6

 --- Paul's Perspective ---

 Rudeus has left on his journey.

 As ever, he's quite the outstanding one.

 Without reservation he decides on one thing, then the next, steadily taking action.

 Elinalise had said that I lived at a fast pace, but I wonder what she'd say if she saw Rudeus.

 I'd like for them to meet, but…

 No, it'd actually be better if they didn't.

 I don't wanna become Elinalise's papa or anything.

 And while I was thinking about things like this, my shoulder was slapped.

 When I turn to look, I find a monkey-faced man grinning at me.

 "Yo, Paul. Done saying goodbye to your son?"

 "Gisu…"

 I can't thank this monkey-faced man enough.

 Had it not been for him, my relationship with Rudeus would probably still be estranged.

 "I've been in your care, huh?"

 "No worries."

 After saying that, I had suddenly realized that Gisu was wearing traveling clothes.

 "What's this, Gisu? Where are you planning on going?"

 "I haven't decided yet, but there's still a bunch of places that haven't been searched yet, right?"

 With those words, I realized that Gisu was going to continue helping with the search.

 It was quite the shock.

 Gisu should have been the one most troubled by the break-up of our party.

 He doesn't have fighting ability, and though he's a jack-of-all-trades, at the same time he couldn't really do anything; other parties wouldn't let him in, he wasn't able to independently complete requests, and so he was a guy who was left with no choice but to give up on being an adventurer.

 It wouldn't have been strange if he was the one who resented me the most.

 "Why are you going so far with your consideration, and helping me search?"

 When I asked this, the corner of his mouth curved into his usual nihilistic smile.

 "You'll jinx it, you know."

 With his usual reply, he turned his monkey-face away from me.

 I bring my hands to my hips and smile bitterly.

 This guy believes in so many superstitions that I can't keep track of them all.

 However, for some reason I feel pleasant, and I see Gisu off until I can no longer see his back.

 "Alright."

 I raised my voice in a roar, and gave Norn a piggyback.

 I was overflowing with enthusiasm.

 First I'll have to make sure the large-scale migration of the refugees is a success.

 After that, I'll definitely find my family.

 Having decided that, I returned to town.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
