Volume 6  2 — Rice

Volume 6 Chapter 2 - Rice

 

 Part 1

 The next day.

 While we were eating a meal in the bar, I made an announcement to the two.

 "I want to do some searching on the way and make a short stop at the Shirone Kingdom."

 The two tilted their head and nodded.

 "Understood."

 "Acknowledged."

 Questions like "why?" or "for what reason?" didn't come.

 I'm thankful that they aren't trying to ask the reason.

 I want to go in that direction and talk about Hitogami as little as possible.

 I decided on that and to keep an eye out, but I honestly have no idea how to explain things in regards to Hitogami, it just causes my head to be full of worries.

 Ruijerd saw how I looked last night and it seems he came to his own conclusion.

 Most likely, he's realized that I'm hiding something.

 While his thoughts might be in the wrong direction, such as I'm hiding some sort of illness. No, Hitogami is like a demon of ill health, so it might not be all that wrong.

 Eris is just the same as always.

 "Shirone is that place right? The place where Rudeus’ shisho is?"

 After hearing those words from Eris, the figure of a single girl came to my mind.

 Roxy Migurdia.

 That's right.

 She should be in Shirone.

 Hitogami said to send a letter to an acquaintance as well.

 At first I was wondering who it was, but if we're speaking of acquaintances who I would send letters to there's only one.

 It most likely means to request assistance from her.

 Roxy is a person I can rely on.

 Hitogami occasionally makes suggestions that make sense.

 "Yes. My most respected… sensei."

 My shisho is what I was about to say, but I changed the word at the last minute.

 Come to think of it, I was forbidden from calling her shisho.

 Recently, I feel like I've said "shisho is amazing, shisho is amazing" to a variety of people but…

 Well, it's fine.

 "That's right, if it's a person Rudeus respects then we need to stop by and visit. They might be able to lend their strength to us after all."

 Eris nodded to herself while saying that.

 Roxy.

 Because she was excellent, if it was her, then we would definitely become a strong power. There's no mistake about that.

 Even though I say that, Roxy is a Royal Court magician.

 Since she's probably busy I don't want to bother her too much.

 It already seems like I'll be a bother and I don't want to show up as her pitiful student.

 Although even putting aside using the disaster search as a cover, the fact that I want to see her won't change.

 I want to thank her for the Demon God language dictionary as well.

 If it weren't for that, I might still be on the Magic Continent.

 I regret the fact that it was lost during the teleport.

 That was something that should have been made into a manuscript and then sold all around the world.

 "I want to meet and see Rudeus’ sensei."

 "Humu, I'm interested as well."

 It seems Eris and Ruijerd are showing interest in going.

 Probably because I would let out Roxy's name and give her a high praise during the journey.

 I'm proud that Roxy is my sensei. It's natural that I wouldn't be embarrassed to let it be known everywhere.

 "Well then, once we arrive in Shirone Kingdom, I'll introduce you."

 While making that promise, we set off on our journey.

 Part 2

 First off we'll advance along the highway and pass by the Dragon King Kingdom's Capital, Wyvern.

 From the capital, there are two routes that stretch out along the East and West sides of the Dragon King Mountains.

 One route stretches straight north.

 And then the other route stretches out to the west.

 Naturally, we chose the route that goes north.

 We ended up staying in the capital Wyvern for about a week.

 If we followed our original plans, we were only supposed to stay for about three days, but the newly bought carriage was in bad condition so it took time to repair it.

 After all, cheap second-rate goods are no good.

 If it was something made from stones or iron I could somehow or other do something about it, but I can't use magic on wood.

 We gave the repairman a bit of a bonus in money and asked him to fix it a bit faster.

 We were not in a hurry.

 In the scene Hitogami showed me, Aisha was being captured by two men.

 I was worried, but Hitogami said I would be present in that place.

 In that case, even this incident where the carriage broke, it could be because fate was somehow being manipulated.

 Most likely, if I were to rush as fast as I could, I won't encounter that scene.

 I needed to calm my heart as much as possible.

 While thinking that we looked around and visited various places in Wyvern.

 The Dragon King Kingdom is the third largest country in this world.

 It's located in the southern part of the Central Continent and has four Vassal kingdoms under it.

 It seems that in the past, it was just one of many great countries in the south, but they defeated the ruler of the Dragon King Mountain in the northwest, Dragon King Kajakuto. After obtaining the large amount of mineral resources in his territory, they became the dominant economic power and rapidly expanded to become a strong kingdom.

 It's the birthplace of the 48 Magic Swords that are scattered around the world and a place where many stories of the North God hero are told.

 It's a place with many anecdotes, but it doesn't feel like tradition is all that essential.

 It's a country with a mixed feeling similar to America.

 In this town, there are a large number of blacksmiths and swordsmanship dojos.

 After taking a peek inside of the dojo, there were a large number of children being taught.

 It seems like it’s common for people to stay in the dojo until Advanced level.

 After one look, Eris flared her nose while saying they weren't anything great, causing Ruijerd to rebuke her.

 Well then, we went about gathering information about missing people in this town.

 One of Paul's subordinates was in the Adventurer's Guild. He told us this country doesn't have any important information.

 After all, now that such a long time has passed, it seems the missing won't be found so easily.

 After that, I went with the usual market price investigation.

 Wyvern is a town where the specialties of both the Milis Continent and the Central Continent are sold.

 There are a large variety of ingredients.

 In regards to that market, I finally discovered it. I witnessed rice being sold.

 Rice… it's rice.

 It's a little bit yellow in color, but it's certainly rice.

 The way it comes out in the stores of this country, using a spoon to make it easier to eat, it comes out as something like a paella or porridge. It was a bit different from what I was seeking.

 I want to eat white cooked rice. If there is none, then I'll make it myself, I had such an impulse. I don't have such a skill as cooking rice, but I carefully heard about that from a shop person.

 The 3 liters of rice I bought were then carefully placed within a pot I made using earth magic. And then following the recipe I was taught by the store person I cooked the rice.

 On the side I had already prepared salt and eggs. With a serious face I was using fire to cook the urchin and partway through Eris came to visit.

 "What are you doing?"

 "An experiment."

 "Hmmm?"

 I didn't think Eris would have any interest, but soon after she started her usual behavior nearby, she started glancing towards it. It seems she's interested.

 I flipped an hourglass I had the bartender bring out and then strengthened the heat power.

 Gradually raising the strength of the heat is the trick, according to the man from the store.

 After I turned the hourglass over three times, I finally weakened the fire. And then another two turns of the hourglass. In the end I stopped the fire, and turned the hourglass twice.

 "It's done."

 "Really?"

 After whispering that out loud, Eris stopped what she was doing and came over to crouch next to me. I could gently smell Eris' scent drifting about. It's a good smell. However, right now my appetite isn't sexual but for food.

 She was looking at the pot with an excited expression. I was excited as well as I lifted off the lid. The flowing scent was the smell of rice.

 "It's a good smell. As expected of Rudeus."

 "If we don't taste it and see…"

 While whispering that I picked up some rice with my finger and put it into my mouth.

 … Humu.

 "Forty-five points."

 The taste and sensation were pretty far from what I remember. If I were to rank it by the current Japanese standards, it couldn't even be called C rank. I wonder if it's after all because rice isn't the staple food in this country.

 It's dry and tasteless, and very rough. The color is a bit yellow as well. I'm sure it's also a matter of my cooking method being lousy, but the raw materials are bad as well.

 I can't by any means call it Ginshari. In reality I want to give it 30 points and a red mark, but it's the first rice I've eaten in a long time that wasn't bad.

 The nostalgia filled my chest. After seasoning it, it was +15 points. I sure am sweet.

 "This is what we ate last night as well right? What kind of experiment is this?"

 "From here on out is the real thing."

 I put the cooked rice into a porcelain bowl I made with earth magic. Then, I picked up the egg that I conscientiously used detoxification magic on. Next, I cracked open the egg and poured it into the hole I made in the center of the rice. On top of that I sprinkled salt.

 I prepared the chopsticks I made with earth magic and moved both of my hands to match.

 "Itadakimasu."

 "Eh? Wait, Rudeus, that egg… Raw…"

 I opened my mouth wide and took a good bite of the yellow-stained rice. Umu, raw tasting.

 For the time being I tried adding more salt, but there wasn't any real change. After eating it like this, the egg itself has a slightly different taste to it. I guess it would mean that something fresh is different than what you would eat in Japan.

 After all, soy sauce is essential. I wonder if I'll be able to find soy sauce in this world. If not, I want to find the ingredients to make it.

 While thinking, I gulped down the rice wholeheartedly.

 "Hamu…hafuhafu, hafu!!!"

 "…Is it good?"

 In response to Eris’ question, I created a second porcelain bowl with earth magic. There I served rice and sprinkled salt on top and then handed it to Eris.

 On the occasion I created a spoon as well and handed it over. One made for beginners to start.

 "Hey, is this all, that's it?"

 [Swallow]

 I silently nodded. It is possible to eat rice as just rice. That's why it's considered a staple food. I'm not bragging, but in my past life's golden age, I ate mountains of rice as my staple food.

 There was a time with rice balls as a side dish. As long as there's white rice, it was an age where it could be eaten in any way.

 "Hmmm…"

 Eris was eating while squirming and making a complicated face. She's still a child.

 However, after spreading an egg on top…

 "Yeah, it's better than just now."

 That's how she said it while filling her cheeks and eating it.

 After all, tamago kake gohan is the best. It's a complete dish.

 We continued to enjoy the rice and in the end even ate the burnt bits at the bottom with a crunch to finish the meal.

 The only one who didn't get to eat any tamago kake gohan, Ruijerd, spoke of no complaints. He just smiled bitterly. As I thought, he's an adult.

 However, I felt like I did something bad. Next time I'll make sure he gets to eat as well.

 Part 3

 We departed from the Dragon King Kingdom and went north along the highway.

 There are still two countries we have to pass through before we reach Shirone Kingdom: Sanakia Kingdom and Kikka Kingdom. Both of them are vassal states of the Dragon King Kingdom.

 In the Sanakia Kingdom, cultivation of rice was popular. It has the correct climate for it and while we were traveling along the road I saw paddy fields on one side.

 Around this area there are a number of rivers, the climate could be close to Japan and Eastern Asia.

 After trying it out, I found it was the same as the stuff that I ate in the Dragon King Kingdom.

 It seems that what was made here was being exported to the market of the Dragon King Kingdom. For the time being, I decided to name this location’s rice, Sanakia brand rice.

 The meals for the inn were often a mix of seafood and cooked rice. In this world I've always eaten with self-restraint, but I couldn't oppose the charm of rice after all.

 Today, I filled my stomach full again. A happy end for another one of my days.

 Recently, when it's time to eat, Eris will occasionally look at me with a blank expression.

 Since I am one who was relatively fussy when it came to meals, when I suddenly started to eat in silence, she probably had some sort of thoughts about it.

 "What's wrong?"

 "Rudeus, I always took you as the type who would not eat very much."

 Eris said something like that.

 In my previous life I was never considered someone who eats lightly. My style was one where I would eat as much as there was and ask for seconds.

 The reason why I ended up restraining myself so much in this world was because the staple food didn't match up.

 Putting aside the stiff meat from the Magic Continent, the meals in Asura Kingdom were centered on bread and were a bit unsatisfying.

 There's no way Zenith's cooking was bad, but the taste of rice was something I had always been seeking and can never give up.

 Umu. Rice is good after all.

 Part 4

 It wasn't just a quest for meals, but we showed our face in the Adventurer's Guild as well.

 It would be best if I say as expected of the Central Continent. Even after I let out the name Dead End, no one was surprised.

 If I were to say it, it's like even if someone was famous in America, they're not guaranteed to be well known even in Japan.

 Even if they know Superman, there aren't many children who know about Captain America.

 Even though I say that, they're adventurers as well. They've occasionally heard the name Dead End. For instance, if a celebrity from America suddenly came to Japan, no one other than the core fans would make a fuss about it.

 In regards to the Superd race, there was no sign they would make a fuss about it. In the end, I wonder if the important part was the color of his hair after all.

 This world’s discrimination is something that could easily be understood by modern Japanese otaku.

 If a Superd race doesn't have green hair then they're not a Superd race, if a track and field girl doesn't have black hair and a ponytail she's not a track and field girl, that sort of thing.

 However, it seems once you get to A rank, they'll pay a certain amount of attention to you.

 "Yo, I've never seen you guys faces around, A rank right? Did you recently form up?"

 The one who came to talk to us, was a man who had a very similar atmosphere to Nokopara. Going from experience, I don't want to get along with this kind of man.

 However, it could get troublesome if we just ignore him. We're limited to dealing with him in an adequate way.

 "The time we formed up was two years ago."

 "Oh, it must not have been around here. 'Dead End'. If I remember correctly, that was the name of a demon on the Magic Continent?"

 "Yeah, we just got here after traveling from the Magic Continent."

 "Hehe… you're kidding. Then that man over there would be that demon?" (!)

 "That's right, but could you please not refer to him as a demon?"

 "Why? Is it that sort of cover up?"

 "Since it would cause a fuss he shaved his head, but he's the real thing after all."

 The man laughed and said "you're kidding" again. But I had a serious face. Eris was on the verge of snapping, and Ruijerd was making a displeased face.

 After seeing that, the man had a cold sweat going.

 "Hey, seriously?"

 "Since that's the case, would you like to see the jewel on his forehead?"

 "No, no, it's fine. I'm sorry about that. I couldn't have imagined you were really "them". I guess that would mean they really existed, the Superd race…"

 It's a good thing we rose up to A rank while we were on Magic Continent. It gave credibility to the fact that Ruijerd is really from the Superd race.

 The criticism against Demon Races on the Central Continent is strong, but I wonder why the Superd race is feared less here than on the Magic Continent. I guess it would be a matter of danger being close at hand.

 A person who says brown bears are safe is a person who hasn't actually encountered a brown bear in the mountains.

 Our established reputation became unusable, but if they aren't afraid then methods to recover popularity should somehow or other work.

 Our former prospects are looking bright. Even though I say that, it's certain that I can't think of any decent ideas.

 Ruijerd figurines as well won't be well accepted in the area of influence of the Milis religion after all.

 While thinking that, Eris was scowling at the man from before.

 "Eris. Please don't get into a fight."

 "I know that."

 "Then that's good."

 Recently Eris hasn't been picking as many fights. During this past year her demeanor has gotten considerably sharper.

 The scent of an amateur has left her. Just from a glance people can tell she's an opponent that's dangerous to get involved with.

 Also, it seems she's understood adventurers' sense of humor somehow or other.

 Whenever she hears something that she realizes is a phrase she's heard before she responds, while making a displeased face, with a similar phrase with enough composure to manage it. Then if the other side laughs, Eris responds with a win face.

 She's become like an adventurer. Although, it's not like she doesn't fight if someone picks one with her.

 After finding out she's A rank even though she's young, there are guys who get into a fight with her seriously.

 The majority of those are younger ones who are at best C rank. Even though they have no actual strength, they've even pulled in Ruijerd.

 Those who pick a fight like that usually end up falling in one punch. There are these kind of guys in just about every Adventurer's Guild it seems. They're idiots.

 Incidentally, people often get involved with me as well, but that's right, thanks to my danna, uhauha is how it is, I just conveniently deal with them like such. (!)

 In reality, the reason we managed to rise up to A rank is largely because we were relying on Ruijerd after all.

 It seems like Eris doesn't like that attitude of mine, but there's no way we could have reached A rank on our own.

 Let's go with modesty.

 Part 5

 After moving even further north.

 In the Kikka Kingdom, a plant similar to rapeseed was cultivated and popular.

 Along the highway, we could see flower fields filled with white-ish flowers.

 Incidentally, rice was the staple food in this country as well.

 I understood it only after eating and comparing them, but the further north you go the better quality the rice gets.

 With this, the day I meet the rice that I will fall in love with at first sight could be close at hand.

 However, unfortunate as it is, in the current northern area of the Central Continent, large countries are always bickering with skirmishes.

 In that sort of situation, there's no way they could make delicious rice. It's truly unfortunate.

 In this country there's a current craze with a cooking style called "Nanahoshi Frying". You coat meat in wheat flour or rice flour and then cook in oil at a high temperature, that sort of thing. In other words it's deep frying.

 Recently it's a huge fad that started up from development in the direction of Asura Kingdom, it seems that influence flowed down to here.

 It seems many countries have a hard time producing oil for food, but in this country oil is produced in large quantities.

 It was something I came to know after arriving in this country, but the cultivation of oil is an industry the Dragon King Kingdom forced onto Kikka Kingdom.

 The paddy fields in Sanakia Kingdom as well were under the Dragon King Kingdom’s instruction. Being a vassal kingdom must be difficult.

 Incidentally, these fried foods are a bit bad tasting.

 Even though they use meat, they’re largely from sheep or pigs. Also, the temperature of the oil doesn't seem to be appropriate since they’re a bit hard. The seasoning wasn't sticking properly either.

 Of course, rock salt, dried herbs, and a variety of sauces that can be used to change the flavor in this land exist.

 Overall, they’re not bad. Rather, it's fine to praise them as well made.

 A specialist at eating such as me is saying that but I understood the ingenuity of it.

 The cooks of this country are giving it their best.

 However, it was still a bit different from the taste I was craving. After all, the fact that there is no soy sauce is not good.

 The seasoning should be a mix of soy sauce and garlic, with a bit of ginger on the side. It's not good if it doesn't finish up bittersweet.

 "Rudeus, recently you've been making difficult faces while eating."

 "That guy is fussy about flavor after all. I'm sure he's got some things on his mind about it."

 "I think it's plenty good though."

 While the two surrounding me at the table were saying that, I was munching away at my food.

 They aren't fussy in regards to their food.

 Even I never did comparisons like a champion food gourmet until I came to this sort of place.

 However, just a bit more, I can't help but think that just a bit more and I'll have the flavor of soy sauce again.

 "However, it's a mysterious food sensation isn't it? It's crispy, and when you chew it overflows."

 "Yeah, it's good."

 The two who were chomping away, afterwards they asked for seconds.

 They were happy. 

 Cooking they ate for the first time, they would think it's good after all.

 Since I know of a flavor above this one, I just can't honestly be happy about it.

 White rice, soy sauce, and deep fried foods. After adding tofu, seaweed, and miso soup, my craving will finally be satisfied.

 Part 6

 The never-ending quest for food.

 Naturally, during that time we were also looking for missing people; however, naturally as it is, we passed days without gaining any sort of information.

 That journey continued on for four months.

 We arrived in Shirone Kingdom.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
