Volume 6  4 — Absence of God

Volume 6 Chapter 4 - Absence of God

 

 Part 1

 After using magic to escape like a catapult, Aisha cried for a short while.

 Moaning and crying while her teeth were chattering and she was trembling, she even wet herself.

 I understand her feelings.

 If I were to be caught in the arms of a scary man and threatened, I might not go to the point of wetting myself, but my legs would be trembling as well.

 At least up until leaking.

 Though, those two knights, if you were to ask which side they were on, it would be more gentleman-like, but I guess the stimulus would be a bit too strong for a 5-6 year old child.

 The differences in age start to become obvious from the time when you're small.

 For example, for elementary and middle school students, high school students appear to be adults, if high school students are gathered together along on the side of a road, even if they aren't dressed like punks, they'll be unusually scared of them.

 Even more so if it's two soldiers.

 I am sure it was rather frightening.

 I absolutely don't want to think that it was because she heard the sound of both of my legs snapping as they broke when we landed nearby.

 I quickly fixed them using healing, but that certainly hurt.

 I pretended not to notice the fact that she wet herself and swiftly moved to get her panties washed.

 The place was our inn.

 By the time I returned, neither Eris nor Ruijerd were around.

 Since they said they were going out to gather information, they'll most likely return around night.

 Well then, here I've once again experienced something mysterious.

 Just now, Aisha took off her small, baggy maid outfit, tore off the wet panties she was wearing, wiped down her body, and then put the shirt I normally wear on.

 In my hands is a wooden bucket and soap for the purpose of laundry, as well as a primary schoolgirl panties.

 If it was the me from my past life, in this situation with these items, I would probably fall into an aroused state.

 I'd like you to think about it and see.

 On the nearby bed is a little girl who after being stripped once is now wearing my baggy clothes after she just wet herself and is currently crying.

 Obviously with no panties.

 If it's a gentleman, then anyone who falls into such a situation would normally be excited.

 It's not like I can put Eris' panties on her.

 Her panties are No Touch.

 That's one of the important rules of this "Dead End".

 No matter how much of an emergency situation it is, how could I possibly dig through her belongings when she's not around and pull some panties out…

 Just thinking about it is frightening.

 If I were to break the rules Ruijerd won't come to save me and if I use demon eyes to run away Eris will be displeased for around three days.

 Even though I say that, if I get hit defenselessly then my face will change enough that I won't be able to taste meals for around three days.

 Well, I could use healing magic to fix it.

 In any case, it's a situation where it wouldn't be strange for the wild beast of my heart to be howling.

 However, even in that situation, my heart is currently as calm and silent as the surface of a lake

 Putting aside arousal, there's not even a single wave.

 Clear and serene.

 It's a strange thing.

 In regards to the sobbing Aisha I felt "She's a troubled child" while embracing her, yet I can't remember any sexual arousal beyond that.

 I wonder if I became a Sage while I wasn't paying attention.

 Or else, maybe I touched upon Eris' imperial wrath without realizing it, and my Pocket Monster was made incompetent for battle.

 Maybe in order to forget the overwhelming fear of that time, I placed a seal on the memories.

 No, never!

 That can't be the case, are you alright, My Son?

 And while I was thinking like that, the laundry ended in a flash.

 The linen panties with no sex appeal and the small maid outfit that appears to be made of relatively high class material.

 I handed those over to Aisha who at some point had stopped crying, and she cheerfully started changing her clothes.

 I carefully stared at that.

 After all I'm not getting aroused.

 I wonder if this body won't get aroused by family.

 Even though my previous life it was men and women of all ages without discrimination…

 The thing known as life is mysterious.

 Part 2

 "I am called Aisha Greyrat! Thank you very much!"

 Aisha carefully lowered her head while wearing the baggy maid outfit.

 In rhythm with that her ponytail shook along with it.

 After all ponytails are nice.

 Eris occasionally wears a ponytail as well, but her ponytail gives off the feeling of a track and field club girl.

 That alone is pretty good by itself, but Aisha's is yet another slightly different charm.

 Aisha is terribly lovely, like a doll.

 Since her eyes are currently bloodshot so it's kind of like a cursed doll though.

 After she raises her face, she took a step closer.

 Close.

 "If I hadn't been saved by Knight-sama, I was about to be forcefully taken back!"

 After hearing the words Knight-sama, I remembered that I named myself "Knight of the Moon's Shadow, Shadow Moon Knight" in front of her.

 A line of cold sweat went down my back.

 After the conversation with Eris earlier, I might have gone a bit overboard.

 At this age I won't roll around after my back itches a bit but…

 Around 10 years later this kind of thing will definitely end up as the content of a joke intended to tease.

 After thinking that, I regret it a bit.

 "Truly, thank you very much."

 Aisha bowed deeply for a second time.

 How old was she now again, 6 years old I guess?

 Even though she's still young, she's a child who knows manners well.

 "On top of saving me, I'd like to make a shameless request of you!"

 "Ou."

 Shameless, she sure knows some difficult words.

 According to Paul's story she received special education from Lilia and she's quite clever.

 "Please give me the tools needed to write a letter! Also, please tell me the location of the Adventurer's Guild! I'm counting on you!"

 After saying that, she lowered her head.

 When asking people for things she uses 'please', she's done well.

 Yeah, she's a good child.

 However, a little bit thoughtless.

 "Are just those two fine? Do you have money?"

 "…I don't have any money!"

 "Weren't you taught by your mother that both the tools to write a letter and sending the letter required money?"

 It's important to teach the importance of money from a young age.

 I thought Lilia wouldn't have made a mistake in that area, but I'm sure there are things that aren't understood even if they are taught and there are things that can't be taught.

 "Mother taught me that if a child like me asks with upturned eyes "I want to send a letter to father", then even without money it will work out."

 Oh my, oh no, Lilia-san you mischievous one.

 What are you teaching your own daughter?

 The method to use her weapons as a woman?

 After thinking that, this way of speaking and her gestures start to look like acting as well.

 No really, what have you been teaching her.

 "We've always been trying to get into contact with father, but the people of the castle say it's not allowed and won't let us send a letter!"

 I heard that Lilia was being detained.

 It seems they won't let her send a letter as well.

 I wonder if it could be that she's being treated badly.

 Since Hitogami used such words as "save her", after all.

 This could be an NTR development that Paul won't find amusing.

 "Aren't there any other reliable people than your father?"

 "There aren't!"

 "For example, that's right, a blue haired older sister… Or for example an older brother who might be somewhere?"

 After casually mentioning that Aisha raised her eyebrows.

 It was an unpleasant face.

 Why?

 "I have an older brother, but…"

 "You have one but?"

 "He isn't reliable."

 Why not!

 Just now didn't he magnificently save you!

 "Is-is it okay if I hear the reason?"

 "Reason! That's fine! My mother has told me about my brother in detail."

 "Oh."

 "However, all of it was unbelievable stuff! For example using intermediate level magic at three years old, or becoming a Saint Class magician at five. And to top it all off, becoming the home teacher of a Lord's daughter at seven? It's not impossible, but it's all unbelievable! It's definitely a lie!"

 You can't believe it, huh.

 I see.

 I guess that would be the case.

 "However, if you actually meet him, he could be a good older brother?"

 "He's definitely not!"

 "Wh-Why?"

 "In our house we had this small box my mother treated as important. She would always say not to touch it or not to look inside of it for some reason. Somehow, it seems that it contained something precious to my older brother."

 …Small box?

 Well now, come to think of it I vaguely remember hearing something like that from Paul as well.

 "During the time when my mother wasn't around, I secretly opened it and looked inside. And then what do you think was inside of it!?"

 "We-well, I wonder what."

 "It was panties. Panties belonging to a woman. Also, going off the size they were considerably small. Based on my calculations, they should have been panties belonging to a child around the age of 14. There was none. A person around that age, there was none in that house. I did consider the possibility that my older brother was a sister, but it's a bit much. There was only one person who I could link it to. My older brother's home teacher, a person named Roxy. When my older brother was four or five years old he treated a clearly older lady's panties as a religious object."

 Calculations you say.

 Wa-wait this child, isn't she just a bit too clever?

 Eh? She's still five or six years old right?

 How do I put it, from this kind of small child, I'm feeling this amazing gap, huh?

 "However, there's the possibility it might be a misunderstanding right?"

 "No, I casually managed to get the details out of my mother. My brother would do whatever he pleased like peeking on that lady Roxy when she was bathing or peek in on my father and mother when they were making love. It seemed like my mother was trying to keep it hidden, but there's no mistake. My older brother is without a doubt a hentai!"

 A hentai!

 A hentai!

 A hentai!

 Without a doubt a hentai!

 And adding it on once more, a hentai!

 Please stop it already, Rudeus' mental HP is already zero!

 "I-I see, your older brother is a hentai, huh, that is troubling, hahaha…"

 Even though they say you get what you deserve, how could this be…

 How could it be, this… Sheet.

 I see now.

 It's this sort of thing.

 That's why Hitogami told me not to name myself.

 Just now, I've understood it in my heart.

 As expected of Hitogami-san…

 "By the way, Knight-san, what's your real name?"

 "It's a secret. Though I'm often called [The Owner of Dead End] in public."

 I replied with a stiff face.

 It seems like it would be better to wait until a bit after to tell her that I'm her older brother.

 I'll be treated as a pervert after all.

 "Oh… The Owner-san is it. That's cool! After all can you use things like summoning techniques?"

 "No, I just have two vicious dogs on a leash."

 "Is that so, that's amazing!"

 Aisha was looking at me with her eyes sparkling.

 Like a puppy.

 Moreover a deceived puppy.

 Ah, my heart hurts a bit.

 However, for the time being, the result is all right.

 If I were to reveal myself as her older brother here, Aisha might not listen to what I say.

 However, if it's at this rate, it seems she'll honestly listen to what The Owner says.

 We'll go while hiding my identity, and coolly save Lilia.

 If I do that, then Aisha will look at The Owner with eyes of respect.

 And then, after when she comes to realize I'm her older brother, her impression will rise through the roof.

 "Alright. Then I'll save your mother."

 "Eh?"

 After declaring that, Aisha looked at me with a flabbergasted expression.

 "B-but."

 "Please leave it to me."

 Just like this I met with Aisha.

 Even though she has an awful impression of me, it's not as bad as Norn who saw her father being beaten up in front of her eyes.

 Even though I was called a pervert for having Roxy's panties, so what, one day she will come to understand.

 That people all have a time when they need to believe in something.

 However, to have the recognition to realize panties=pervert at this age, huh.

 It's not an age where she should be able to link together sexual desire and underwear, in the first place it's questionable whether she should even understand sexual desire…

 I wonder if someone taught her these things.

 It would be no good if I didn't grant a severe punishment to the guy who taught my little sister strange things.

 "By the way, The Owner-san."

 "What is it?"

 "Why did you know my name!?"

 After that, my desperate explanation started, but I'll leave that out.

 Part 3

 After that, I talked to Aisha for a short while.

 We talked about the last two years.

 I listened to the story of these past two years from Aisha.

 It was a bit lacking in linguistic ability and an insufficient explanation, but I was able to grasp the outline.

 Somehow, it seems that they were teleported into the Royal Palace of this country.

 Naturally, they were captured as intruders, but as a result of Lilia telling them all sorts of things, they ended up being held in the Royal Palace on house arrest.

 In regards to that front and back relation, Aisha didn't seem to understand it, but it seems there was some kind of reason they wouldn't let her send a letter.

 It seems that nothing cruel was done to Lilia as well.

 I guess that would mean that her body was not their aim.

 Although, it could just be that Aisha doesn't know, and it's possible every night something is done to her.

 Although Lilia is at a good age (She was older than Paul so in her mid 30s), it's not like she has a beauty that would make those living in the Royal Palace go out of their way after detaining her.

 It doesn't change the fact that they were considered suspicious individuals, so I guess it would just be detainment?

 In regards to that there are some slightly strange parts.

 It's been two and a half years since the teleport.

 I wonder if they would really be detained for that long without clearing up the misunderstanding.

 There could be some kind of circumstances involved that I don't know about.

 Come to think of it, Roxy's name never came out.

 I wonder if she didn't go to save Lilia.

 …No, it's possible that asking her to save them might have caused them to fall into this current situation.

 In any case, I'm currently waiting for a reply from Roxy.

 After listening to circumstances from her, like a puzzle piece falling into place, all of the doubts should be solved.

 Incidentally, in regards to that situation Aisha wanted to send a letter to Paul asking for help.

 However she got lost on the way, and she thought if she followed after someone wearing Adventurer-like clothes, she would be able to reach the guild.

 That happened to coincidentally be me.

 Coincidences are scary.

 Well, I'm sure it went as Hitogami planned.

 Part 4

 Aisha wanted to hear about me.

 "Ohh, The Owner-san came here on a journey from the Magic Continent."

 "Yeah, after getting involved with the Fedoa region teleport incident."

 "What were you doing before that?"

 "A home teacher. I was teaching a noble's daughter magic."

 "I see, where were you teaching?"

 "In Roa."

 "Oh, then it would be the same as my older brother! It could be that you passed by each other in the town right!"

 "Th-that's right, I guess that possibility does exist on a minuscule level…"

 I can't think that her way of speaking is suitable for her age.

 It could be that she is trying to act like an adult.

 In any case, it seems that Aisha learned a variety of things from Lilia.

 Common sense, manner etiquette, wisdom that would be useful in life, essential points of being a maid, etc.

 Even I find it mysterious if she can understand everything at this young age, but at the very least she was able to explain it to a degree that I could understand.

 She's clever, this child. Seriously.

 She's had the power to absorb everything taught to her like a sponge from the time she was small.

 I wonder what she will be like in the future.

 I wonder if I'll be able to maintain my dignity as an older brother.

 "If you're speaking about a noble young lady, then there might be a similar contact point with my older brother’s employer, have you heard anything?"

 "N-No, I was limited in information, things about such a person are…"

 "Is that so. I wanted to hear about the impression of my older brother from The Owner-san."

 "Umm, I've only heard rumors that the young lady of the lord was so violent she was out of everyone's hands."

 Here the feeling to leak information about myself sprouted, but I strongly endure it.

 It's going to be exposed after anyways.

 If at the time she finds out it was a self-created story, her impression of me will drop after all.

 After that, since I told her all sorts of things about the Magic Continent, we talked in detail.

 For a child of this age, I thought talking about anything would be fine, but strangely she didn't get attached to the topics.

 It might be because Aisha's conversation ability is high.

 While thinking that, I genuinely enjoyed talking with my little sister on our mostly first meeting.

 After a while, Aisha got tired and fell asleep.

 Eris and Ruijerd returned after the sun had set.

 After asking the two who seemed to have slightly tired expressions, it seems they went all the way to the slums to gather information, and got into a number of fights.

 Another fight it seems.

 The unapologetic duo.

 Well, it's the same as always. I won't bother asking in detail.

 Everyone makes mistakes, I do too, if something happens it's fine if we help each other.

 I talked about how I met Aisha in the town and how Lilia is being held captive in the castle.

 It seems a variety of things are suspicious.

 Also, along with that I told them about the fact that I'm hiding my name.

 I paid special care to the fact that they don't let Aisha find out that my identity is Rudeus.

 "Why are you doing something so roundabout?"

 "It appears that, she has learned some mistaken knowledge about her older brother, so I want to show her my cool parts in order to correct that recognition."

 "Hnnn, I already think you're cool just as you are though?"

 "Eris…"

 After hearing her say something that made me happy, a "Good man" smile rose to the surface.

 And then Eris suddenly took a step backwards.

 "Uuuu… Why do you make that creepy face when I praise you!?"

 It seems my triumphant face looks creepy.

 It's a bit of a shock.

 Someone please give me a new face.

 "However, since that's the case it's an attack from now on right!"

 "It's been a while since I last attacked a castle…"

 Eris brought that up full of eagerness.

 Even Ruijerd raised his spear.

 I stopped the two in a panic.

 "No, for the time being let's wait for a reply from Roxy."

 After saying that, Eris made an extremely bored face.

 As always she seems to like acting violently.

 Rather than difficult thinking, attacking the castle and carrying off Lilia is certainly a simpler method, but if we were to cause trouble for Roxy then I wouldn't be able to face her.

 First off we need to attentively confirm the situation.

 It's absolutely not because of a reason like wanting to meet with Roxy.

 While I was thinking about that, the day ended.

 Part 5

 The next day.

 It was almost noon.

 Soldiers came to the inn.

 Soldiers wearing the same outfit as the ones trying to capture Aisha yesterday.

 Just in case I left Aisha in the room and interacted with them in the lobby of the inn.

 I left Eris and Ruijerd in the room just in case.

 "Are you Rudeus-dono?"

 "Yes."

 "I am the imperial guard attached to the seventh prince of Shirone, Ginger. Pleased to meet you."

 "Thank you for the polite introduction. I'm Rudeus Greyrat."

 There was one soldier and it was a woman.

 After seeing my face her complexion didn't change a bit, and she gave a knight styled greeting and bow.

 I responded as well using a noble style greeting.

 I don't actually know how I should reply to such greetings, but anyways it's fine as long as the sincerity is conveyed.

 "Roxy-dono is calling for you, would you please accompany me to the Royal Palace?"

 In regards to me who is a child no matter how you look at it, she's considerably courteous in manner.

 It wasn't like she was specifically hiding her face, but it seems like her mask wasn't split.

 However, a prince's imperial guard, huh.

 Why an imperial guard is what I was thinking, but I did know that Roxy was serving as a home teacher for the prince.

 Then, it's not all that strange.

 "…"

 After being asked to accompany her, I hesitated.

 I wonder what I should do with Aisha.

 If I were to bring Aisha along then the fact that I attacked a knight would probably be exposed.

 After all, the fact that I sent a rock bullet flying could have been a mistake.

 …Alright, here we'll have Aisha look after the house.

 If I have Roxy become a buffer and just talk with them then properly apologize, it should be fine.

 After I decided that, I told them to absolutely not let Aisha leave the room, and left Eris and Ruijerd as her guards.

 And then, a grooming check for the sake of meeting Roxy.

 Making sure my hair isn't messy and my clothes are fine as the usual robe.

 Ah, that's right, pastries or such are essential as well.

 I wonder what would be fine to bring when meeting my shisho for the first time in a while in this world.

 And there I found the unpopular first edition Ruijerd doll in the bottom of my tool bag.

 Come to think of it, in a letter Roxy once mentioned the Roxy doll, had reached where she was.

 If I show her this doll and say "Actually it was my work" then it might be amusing.

 "Considerably careful aren't you."

 "It's the first time I've met my shisho in a while after all."

 "…You're going to properly introduce us right?"

 "Yeah, of course."

 While having that exchange with Eris, I completed preparations.

 "Are you going to be alright alone?"

 Ruijerd said that in a somewhat worried voice.

 Problems always seem to occur when I'm alone after all.

 I understand his worried feelings.

 "There's no problem. If anything happens I'll fly and run away."

 With a zoom~

 "The Owner-san…"

 "It's alright. Please leave everything to me."

 I patted and caressed Aisha's head as she was making a worried face, she tightly shut her mouth and nodded.

 Alright, good girl.

 Part 6

 Led by the soldier Ginger, I was walking down the road towards the Royal Palace.

 The two of us were walking with a bit of a quick pace down a small corner of the main street that carriages pass back and forth.

 The main road is twisted and bent, occasionally to the extent that the pathway is too small for carriages to pass by.

 I wonder if it's a counter-measure for when enemy nations are attacking.

 In the Japan of my past life I've heard that the town in the region of Mino is twisted like this.

 "…"

 Ginger is a silent person and she doesn't talk about a single unnecessary thing.

 Just, if I ask, she always opens her mouth to answer, and her manner is always polite.

 "Alright, next is this guy! This guy is an ex-Washawa Country Knight! He's a slave for battle purposes! He's a bit impudent, but he's quite skilled! Starting from 3 gold coins!"

 Suddenly I heard that powerful voice so I took a look in that direction.

 In a location just off the main road there was a slave market.

 On top of an especially high stand, almost like a balcony, there were slaves lined up.

 Three human races and one beast race with ears like a rabbit.

 Two men and two women.

 Both the men and the women's upper body were nude, even from a distance I could see their shining skin.

 In order to make the display better, they may have been covered in oil.

 I wonder if that beast race was brought up from the Great Forest.

 Even though I don't have the leeway or obligation to save her, it causes me to drop my eyebrows a bit.

 While my eyebrows were coming a bit closer to my face, after seeing her chest my nether regions were reacting a bit.

 I thought it was mysterious that I wasn't reacting to Aisha, but after all it seems I still have plenty of energy.

 I could hear the merchant on the side of the slaves explain all sorts of things.

 I couldn't follow the contents, but I'm sure it was the slaves’ birthplace and abilities sales points.

 After a little while, I heard the voice of the audience begin to rise.

 It must be an auction system.

 If Lilia and Aisha as well were unlucky, they might have been lined up over there.

 After thinking that, I can't really say this current situation is all that bad.

 …No, in the end, since I don't know what kind of situation Lilia is in right now, I can't really say anything.

 After suddenly taking a look, Ginger was raising her eyebrows after seeing the slave market.

 She is one of the ones who protect the public order in this country.

 It must bother her for them to do that kind of thing out in the open.

 "I thought slave markets would happen deeper in the city."

 I let such words flow out.

 I thought this was one such topic as well.

 In other towns the slave markets are always deep in the back areas.

 It doesn't seem like slaves are an especially bad thing in this world, but this is the first time I've seen it going on right off the main road.

 "That's right, things like that are usually done deeper in the back."

 I thought she might say something loathsome, but she responded with a flat tone.

 "Is there some kind of event going on today?"

 "No. The other day, it seems like there was a fight between adventurers in the place the slave market was originally. And then the market became unusable, so they decided to let them temporarily use this area as the slave market."

 A fight…

 A fight, huh.

 A fight in the slave market.

 A fight caused by Eris and Ruijierd.

 I have no option but to feel like there's a link between them.

 I'm getting nothing but bad premonitions now.

 While thinking that I looked towards the slave market, then,

 "Please."

 Ginger grabbed onto my sides and raised me up so I could see well.

 "Ah, thank you."

 She's an easy person to get along with.

 Her face was ordinary, and she absolutely doesn't give off the feeling of a beauty, but she notices the small details, I'm sure she'll find a good husband.

 "Roxy-dono as well, when there were crowds of people she would start jumping up and down to see."

 "I see."

 "Yes, but when I would lift her up like this she would always make a complex face."

 That scene floated into my eyes.

 Roxy jumping up and down because she can't see well.

 Then a soldier who lifts her up out of good intention.

 Then the discouraged Roxy who asks to be let down.

 "Were you able to lift Roxy-sensei up?"

 "Yes, she quickly got angry and asked me to let her down though."

 Of course, huh.

 "Where did you hold onto?"

 "Even if you ask where, just like now."

 I am currently being held from just around my armpits as I'm raised up.

 "What kind of feeling was it?"

 "That's why I said, she made a complex face and quickly asked to be let down."

 What I want to hear is about the sensation around Roxy's armpits though…

 Well, it's fine.

 "Please let me down."

 From what I could roughly see, there wasn't anything especially interesting.

 It's just the slaves who are about to be sold inside of a prison.

 Since that's the case I had her put me down and we started walking towards the Royal Palace.

 Suddenly I thought of it, but normally wouldn't you take a carriage to welcome someone into the Royal Palace.

 Well, it's fine.

 "What kind of things was Roxy-sensei doing in the Royal Palace?"

 Having found a common topic, I asked Ginger.

 "Normally she was teaching the prince, but during the times she was bored she would participate in the exercises with us soldiers."

 Come to think of it, in the letter I received from Roxy while I was in Roa, I have a feeling something like that was written.

 "If I remember correctly, it was exercises to prepare for fights with magicians, that sort of talk?"

 According to the letter it was Roxy releasing magic in the middle of a melee and they were trying to ward it off, that kind of training.

 If they can suddenly react to magic fired off and manage to deflect it, then it wouldn't be difficult for that to become the difference between life and death on the battlefield.

 "That's correct. We're all Water God style intermediate level swordsmen, but thanks to Roxy-dono we were able to learn to deflect magic cast in an instant."

 I see now, that's why the knight yesterday was able to deflect my rock bullet.

 It was a bit of a shock for a common knight to deflect that, but if it's the result of Roxy's teachings I can accept it.

 After that, I talked to Ginger for a short while about Roxy.

 Things such as during magic training, Roxy accidentally scorched a tree and she went pale, all the soldiers were proud or during dinner when bell peppers suddenly came out she suddenly went pale, but still ate them pretending like nothing was wrong.

 "I've heard stories about Rudeus-dono as well."

 "Oh. Wh-what did she say?"

 "A genius who can use magic with voiceless incantations at a young age."

 "Sensei said such a thing?"

 "Roxy-dono was often bragging about you. That child is not an existence which I really deserved to have taught."

 "Dehehe, that's saying too much."

 During that conversation we arrived at the castle.

 It's a considerably large castle, but it's not as large as Kishirisu Castle of Rikarisu or the White Palace of Milishion.

 It's about the same size as Eris' home.

 In other words, this country would be about the same as a remote territory of Asura.

 As expected, Asura Kingdom is amazing.

 "…"

 "Keep up the good work!"

 Ginger lightly nodded to the guards and the guards stood themselves upright.

 Come to think of it, she said she was an imperial guard?

 I wonder if she's important.

 "This way please."

 Just as I was about to keep going straight ahead, Ginger suddenly turned to the side.

 Turning around the castle, we came in through something like the back door.

 "Please forgive me. Soldiers are forbidden from entering through the front gate."

 "I see."

 In the back entrance there was something like a soldier’s station.

 In a corner of the room there were two head desks lined up, and several soldiers were sitting down playing something like cards.

 After they saw Ginger they quickly stood up and maintained an upright fixed posture.

 "…"

 "Keep up the good work!"

 Ginger made a single nod again and went further into the room.

 I continued to follow along with her while giving them a side glance.

 "Ginger-san is an important person it seems."

 "Among the soldiers I'm #12."

 #12, it's hard to determine if that's high or low…

 In this country there are probably some hundreds of soldiers, after thinking that, it's probably a relatively high position.

 Most likely not low.

 "This way please."

 Ginger continued moving further inside.

 Her manner of walking felt like it got a bit more cautious.

 In regards to the people we would occasionally pass she would stop her feet and use a knight style greeting.

 I followed suit with a noble style greeting.

 I wouldn't stand for it if they were to say Roxy's disciple wasn't taught properly after all.

 The noble like people either returned a greeting, or completely ignored and continued to pass by us.

 It's largely different from Eris' home.

 Fundamentally, there were no greetings in the corridors there.

 I wonder if Roxy felt like it was hard to breathe working in a place like this.

 After getting used to these greetings, I wondered if it wouldn't bother her.

 Each floor had stairs in roughly three places.

 The construction is similar to Eris' home.

 I'm sure there's some sort of scheme to prevent it from being invaded all at once.

 However, there's no doubt it's inconvenient for normal life.

 Ginger stopped at the end of a corridor.

 I wonder if this is Roxy's room.

 It's a considerably quiet place.

 However, you could say it seems like Roxy.

 Ginger came to a halt.

 Suddenly she looked at my appearance and held out her hand.

 "I'll hold onto your staff and belongings."

 "Ah, yes."

 She even goes to the point of acting as a door boy, how kind.

 After receiving my belongings Ginger knocked on the door.

 "It's Ginger. I've brought Rudeus-dono."

 "Enter."

 The voice that replied was a man.

 (Hn?)

 While some questions were rising to mind, Ginger quickly opened the door, and led me into the room.

 Just as lead, I went into the room.

 "Oh… This is Rudeus, huh."

 "Mogo!!?"

 There a man was sitting, looking arrogantly.

 He was a man like a small barrel.

 On both of his sides were two maids.

 The man was sitting awfully arrogantly, but his height was equally small.

 It wasn't just his height, but his limbs were short as well.

 It felt like he was pieced together out of a halfling and a dwarf.

 However, only his face was huge, it was like one belonging to an adult human race male.

 That face as well, if I were to word it based on the first impression it would be, unsightly.

 It was a type of face that brought a feeling of familiarity to me.

 After looking to the side, I don't recognize Maid A.

 She seemed to be in the latter half of her 20s, her chest size was normal, no muscles. A normal female.

 Maid B had a face that was the spitting image of Lilia.

 Rather, it was Lilia.

 It looks like she has aged a bit after five years, but it seems like her skin has a variety of bends in it piled on top, since she got involved in that teleport incident, it can't really be helped.

 And then she was sitting in a chair.

 The chair itself was wrapped in rope and she had a gag in her mouth.

 I don't see Roxy's appearance anywhere.

 "What does this mean?"

 Even while in the midst of chaos I calmed down and thought to listen.

 I thought Roxy should have been here.

 Ah, I see. It was a trap.

 "Drop him."

 I opened my demon eye at the same time as the man’s words.

 One second in the future I was falling downwards.

 I fell.

 Part 7

 Before realizing it, I was in the middle of a magic circle.

 Just as he signaled the floor below my feet was pulled down, I fell into something like a pitfall.

 It took a few seconds to realize that.

 It's a small room.

 About 6 tatami mats or so.

 A magic circle was drawn on the ground and it was dimly giving off some light.

 However, I quickly created some earth magic.

 I was going to raise my body up like an elevator.

 "…What?"

 However, the magic wouldn't invoke.

 Once again I tried with a bit more magic power to create an earth pillar at my feet.

 Strange.

 I'm sure the magic power is certainly coming out, but the earth pillar isn't invoking.

 No, it isn't strange.

 This magic circle surrounding me.

 It's because of this thing.

 I'm inside of some kind of barrier.

 "A… barrier."

 I stretched my arms out to look around the edge of the magic circle and I touched something like a wall.

 I tried hitting to check, but it won't shake a bit.

 "Gyahahahaha! It's pointless! It's pointless! That magic circle is a barrier created in order to capture Roxy! Someone like you won't be able to do a thing!"

 The circular man from just now came down the stairs.

 And then, he stopped in front of me and made a broad grin with a repulsive smile, a feeling like he was elated with his victory.

 "You are?"

 "My name is Pax. It's Pax Shirone!"

 Pax.

 Ah, the seventh prince, huh.

 In any case, this man.

 I wonder why in the world he was planning on making this anti-magic barrier to capture Roxy.

 No, in the letter it was written that he resembled me.

 I'm a gentleman-like man.

 Then, without a doubt he will be conducting himself like a gentleman.

 Sheet. What kind of gentleman-like treatment did this guy have planned?

 "Kukuku, that's a good face. Rudeus Greyrat."

 After seeing my mortified face the man laughed and smirked.

 I put on a poker face and took some deep breaths.

 Calm down.

 This is the type of situation in which one needs to be calm.

 "So I fell into a trap, huh. I understand. I'll officially apologize for attacking the soldiers yesterday. Before that, first off please call Roxy. I'm her former student, she will be able to prove my identity. After that, I'll call a lawyer, and the official trial will be after-"

 "Roxy isn't here."

 Roxy isn't here.

 "What…did you say…"

 Those words delivered enough of an impact to surprise even me.

 Roxy isn't here.

 In other words, it means the Absence of God.

 Is there no God?

 No, that cannot be the case.

 That great mathematician, didn't he just say that our God doesn't exist.

 The one who received the life of Ekacherina the 2nd, isn't she a splendid proof of the existence of God.

 God exists.

 I as well, my body itself is proof of the existence of God.

 "No, God exists."

 "…What? God?"

 Pax made a blank face.

 That's right.

 God exists.

 Without a doubt.

 If you are to say she doesn't, then it's a crusade.

 I don't know what this stuff is about the Milis Church, but anyone who wants to die feel free to come out.

 I'll be the opponent of anyone who thinks they might win.

 "Hnn, praying to god, huh. That's the correct option. Since there's no chance of you being saved in this situation."

 "That seems to be so."

 Well then, now that I've calmed down a bit it's about time to end with the jokes.

 "And then, going off your statement from just now I can take it that Roxy is no longer in this country, correct?"

 "That's right! You're bait in order to lure Roxy here!"

 "If I'm going to be eaten in a single bite by Roxy then that is a definitely something to look forward to…"

 While looking for a suitable response I was thinking.

 In other words, it's that.

 Roxy isn't in this country.

 This person is trying to capture Roxy.

 Why?

 Is Roxy guilty of doing something and then escaping?

 While I was thinking, Pax declared with his next words.

 "I was surprised after seeing the letter. I couldn't have imagined that Roxy's lover would come to this country!"

 "Eh!! Roxy has a lover!!?"

 Seriously!

 Since when. Even though there was nothing written about that in the letters…

 "Mu? You aren't?"

 Ah, he's mistaken me for Roxy's lover.

 "Absolutely not! Such an amazing thing! I am but an unworthy disciple who cannot match up to her in any way!"

 I strongly shook my head.

 In reality I'm quite happy.

 All excited like some kind of reindeer-like rare animal.

 I'm excited like the person inside of the Metal Monster.

 However, endure it.

 "Hnn, even if you're not her lover, if it's her disciple then Roxy will come."

 "I wonder if she will come."

 "She will come. Lilia was weak as bait, but if it's you who she praised that much, Roxy will come! And then, the time when she comes will be Roxy's end as a woman. I'll keep her forever as my sex slave. I'll have her give birth to five of my heirs."

 Speaking of sex slaves.

 Getting excited over her displeasure.

 Heir? Aren't you the seventh prince, do you have any political power?

 However.

 I still have on question.

 "Umm. Is it fine to ask one question?"

 "What is it, ah, that's right. The first time I'll rape her in front of your eyes! And then, I'll go for the second time as Roxy's eyes are stained in despair as your head is lopped off!"

 His delusions are considerably strong.

 "Until I came here, I never heard any information about Lilia… How do you plan to let Roxy realize that I'm being held captive?"

 Pax suddenly stopped.

 "Hnn, if it's the superior Roxy, then she'll hear about it from somewhere and come!"

 I see now, Roxy is superior after all.

 She might be able to find information that I wasn't able to find.

 However, the probability of that is most likely low.

 "Umm, couldn’t you at least leak some information for example, wouldn't doing something like that be better?"

 It's not like I want Roxy to be raped.

 I don't, but if he would have at least done that much, Paul might have possibly caught onto Lilia a bit sooner.

 That's what I was thinking.

 "Hnn, I won't fall for that trick! You all have the protection of high class nobles of Asura right! If they were to know that Lilia or you are captured, Boreas or something might turn into our enemy right?"

 "Turn into… I wonder…?"

 Hnnn?

 Something is strange.

 Well, if they were to know I was captured, old man Sauros might come to save me…

 However, how is Lilia related to that?

 "Lilia as well tried to send letters a number of times after all! Like I would let someone come to save you!"

 I wonder why he thinks someone will come to save her without letting her send a letter asking for help.

 Ah, I see.

 This guy is an idiot.

 "No, if you don't let the information leak, and don't let her ask for help, I don't think anyone will come."

 "Hnn! Didn't you actually nonchalantly come strolling in just now!"

 Certainly!

 No, no, that reasoning is strange.

 "In the first place, wouldn't it have been fine to send the information directly to Roxy!"

 "Did you send it to her?"

 "We've been looking for her for two years, but we can't find her! However, we'll find her someday! That woman stands out after all!"

 I don't think you'll specifically be able to find her because she stands out…

 This is strange, I had a feeling that she wrote saying he was excellent like me…

 Or else, could it be, that Roxy's impression of me is something like this?

 If that's the case then I'll get depressed.

 "Hnhnn, it seems like you've given up. I don't know what it is about the voiceless incantations, but it just means that you can't win against my authority."

 Hnn, I absolutely won't lose to something like authority you know. Kii!!

 "Yeah, those are good eyes. They give me chills. Will you make those eyes until the end? Yeah, that's something to look forward to indeed. I wonder if Roxy would hurry and come…"

 While saying that Pax went back up the stairs.

 There's no way she could come…

 ---

 "Hey, who said you could take off Lilia's gag?"

 "Please forgive my rudeness, I thought you should let her say something."

 "Don't do unnecessary things!"

 "Please, your highness, I'll do anything, so please just Rudeus-sama…!"

 "Shut up, I'm not interested in middle-aged women!"

 "Ahhh!!"

 ---

 After hearing those kinds of voices from upstairs I heard a loud and dry noise echo.

 Since the ceiling is still opened, I can almost hear it all.

 ---

 "In any case, you still haven't found Aisha yet!"

 "We're still currently searching, your highness!"

 "Ku, what were the characteristics of the guy who carried her off!?"

 ---

 I could hear Pax's irritated voice.

 It seems they're talking about yesterday.

 However, well, I'm in trouble.

 I wasn't hiding my face, so it should be exposed pretty quickly.

 The location of the inn was written on the letter as well…

 Ruijerd and Eris are in the inn though.

 If it's Ruijerd, if it's Ruijerd then somehow he'll lend me a hand.

 There's also Eris who is an authority on Offense there.

 ---

 "According to the report, it was a muscle bound, brawny gigantic man named Shadow Moon Knight. Supposedly he was a pervert that let out a loud laugh as he jumped along the rooftops."

 "Why haven't you caught someone who stands out like that? Sheet, every single one of you is so useless!"

 "Ha, I'm very sorry."

 ---

 Hey!

 Soldier, soldier-san, report properly!

 No, but if I think about it realistically, it could have been done out of good intention.

 They could have tried to let Aisha get away out of good intention.

 He did seem like a good person after all.

 Good job, Soldier.

 ---

 "But, we've already received a report that the letter was torn up."

 "You can write a letter any number of times!"

 "Even if you left it alone, upper class nobles wouldn't move for a letter from a child?"

 "No way, no way! Search, or do you not care what happens to your family!"

 "…Ku!! I'll send out a search team immediately."

 ---

 I hear the sound of running about.

 It seems Ginger has had her family taken hostage.

 ---

 "Hnn, throw Lilia into the usual place!"

 "Yes!!"

 "Rudeus-sama! I'll absolutely come to save you!"

 "Shut up! There's no way you could manage that!"

 "Ahhh!!"

 "Hnn, you know Roxy as well don't you. I'll slit his throat in front of that cheeky little female magician!"

 ---

 Bang, I heard another dull sound.

 I hear the sound of something being dragged.

 ---

 "Hnn, Rudeus! Can you hear me! I'm definitely not letting you escape after all!"

 ---

 I look up to where the voice is coming from.

 I saw Pax's repulsive smile.

 After giving me a glance, he moved to a place which couldn't be seen from the hole.

 After a little while, something was placed on top of the hole I'm in.

 It was a cover.

 Only silence was left.

 In my surroundings the magic circle was giving off a dim light.

 "Sigh…"

 That kind of ended in a daze.

 He probably got angry and hit Lilia, but strangely anger isn't building up.

 Probably because that exchange just now was just way too comical.

 Or else, maybe it's because I was already told by Hitogami that Lilia would be saved.

 Or maybe even though he's distorted it, it's because he's still worshiping Roxy.

 Even I might become like him if I were to be thrown away by Roxy.

 No, that's wrong.

 Probably because he looks a bit similar to me in my previous life.

 That's why rather than anger, I feel more lost and confused instead.

 Well, when everything has ended I'll make sure he properly gets what he deserves.

 "Now then…"

 I roughly understand the situation.

 In other words, the reason why Lilia was captured by Pax.

 The pretense for detaining her could have been anything really. Another country's spy for example.

 Then, while they were talking to her, it seems after the prince found out about her relation with Roxy, he came up with this plan.

 Using Lilia as bait, then getting into contact with Roxy, and luring her out.

 Since he's afraid of the Greyrat name, he's constantly doing it in secrecy.

 Well, even if Asura Kingdom found out, Lilia is nothing but Paul's maid, so there's any number of ways to hush it up.

 Unable to find Roxy, it ended with Lilia being detained for a long period.

 Lilia was seeking help from Paul, but obviously the prince wouldn't allow it.

 In that situation, Aisha escaped the castle, she tried to send a letter, but failed. The letter ended up being destroyed.

 The mysterious part is after that, for some reason the soldiers' reports went in a direction that seemed to be aiding her.

 It could just simply be that they hate the prince, or else there could be some sort of other reason…

 It seems like he's holding hostages against Ginger after all, other soldiers might be in a similar situation.

 In that situation, I walked straight into the spiders web is what it means. Hitogami did tell me to send a letter to Roxy after all, so it should mean that I would be captured like this is still within the range of assumption.

 There's no reason to panic.

 For now I just need to act as directed.

 However, what am I going to do after this.

 Most likely, right now in this instant, some kind of situation is happening in the background.

 Then, it might be fine to just do nothing again this time.

 If I just wait patiently here, there will be some kind of situation, and then if I go along with that, everything should work out well.

 …No, wait.

 Did I really move according to instructions?

 For example, I named myself Knight of the Moon's Shadow, Shadow Moon Night.

 According to Hitogami's advice, I was supposed to name myself "The Owner of Dead End" in front of Aisha.

 However, what if in reality it was no good if I don't use The Owner name in front of the soldiers as well?

 That's not all.

 It's the same with the letter.

 I surely thought it would be fine if I "Use my real name", but if I hadn't used Rudeus as the sender name, it wouldn't have ended up like this would it?

 If I were to have just met the prince as an acquaintance of Roxy, wouldn't I have been able to talk with him a bit more peacefully?

 This is bad, I have the feeling I made some kind of mistake.

 No, not yet, it should still be alright I think?

 This much shouldn't be outside of expectation, right?

 I'm worried…

 For the time being, it seems I should secretly try to secure an escape route.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
