Volume 6  5 — Third Prince

Volume 6 Chapter 5 - Third Prince

 

 Part 1

 Hello everybody. This is ex-HikiNEET Rudeus.

 Today's topic is…

 We're visiting the No Cost Apartment of Shirone Kingdom.

 Deposit Zero.

 Rent Zero.

 One room with zero meals and afternoon naps included.

 The construction is made of a reliable stone material, it's been laid out very hard and solidly.

 The lack of sunlight and the fact that there's no bed are a couple of the small problems, but even so this price is just far too cheap!

 It is zero rent after all.

 The toilet is a bit lacking being the diaper-less-diaper model and all, and if you live here for a long period you'll without a doubt catch an illness, but even considering that the price is cheap!

 Moreover, just looking at this security structure will give you a peace of mind.

 Please take a look at this solid barrier.

 Of all things, when you're inside of here, it nullifies all magic and you won't be able to leave!

 It won't even budge after an A rank Adventurer like me seriously punches it.

 No matter how much of a master at escaping they may be, I'm sure getting in and out of this place would be anything but simple.

 Yeah, well, it's fine since this is the second time I've used this material as a joke.

 I can't get out.

 Someone save me.

 Ruijerd quickly come save me, Rujsaveme!

 Just like that I've fallen into a situation like the captured Princess Peach-sama.

 Part 2

 It's been a full day since then and I was still trying to release the barrier.

 Speaking of barriers, they are something cruel.

 The fact that you can't use magic means that the number of things I can do is almost nothing.

 Like trying to beat on the invisible wall, or trying to scratch out the magic circle on the floor.

 Like trying to jump up and see if I can reach the nearby ceiling 4 meters above.

 I've tried everything I can think of, but I wasn't able to do anything.

 If I at least had my staff I might have been able to knock on the ceiling.

 However, I left all of my belongings with Ginger.

 It's not like I brought anything that great along with me though.

 In regards to magic, I tried a variety of things to see.

 However, all of them ended in a misfire.

 If the magic power is being absorbed then I wanted to try using the maximum amount of magic power I could to try to break it.

 I could think like a shounen manga and give it a try, but it doesn't have that kind of feeling.

 I can use magic power, but for some reason it won't take shape.

 I can't change the phenomenon into the variation stage.

 It seems like it will work, but it doesn't.

 How do I put it, it might be kind of similar to how a lighter can't be used in strong wind.

 The spark comes out, the gas is there as well, but the fire won't start.

 Or it could be that the fire starts, but it quickly gets blown out.

 It's that kind of feeling.

 It seems like a King Class Barrier magic.

 It's amazing.

 After I recognized that fact, my irritation gradually started to build up.

 When the time comes, I can't do anything.

 I'm currently in such a situation.

 For example, if we were unlucky, even if Roxy were to come here right now, I would be unable to save her.

 I would only be able to cry out to abandon me.

 For example, if some kind of chance comes up and Eris gets caught, I wouldn't be able to save her.

 In that case, I'm sure they would use me as a hostage, Ruijerd would have no choice but to try and do something.

 So again, I would only be able to shout out to abandon me.

 For example, Pax changes his mind, just having me as a hostage is plenty and he goes to kill Lilia.

 After all I only have the option to shout out.

 I still remember Hitogami's advice.

 However, I didn't perfectly follow it.

 It could be that I've already deviated from the advice.

 Since it's Hitogami, I would expect him to include that in his assumptions.

 However, that advice didn't say anything other than that Aisha and Lilia would be saved.

 No, it was advice intended to gain my faith.

 I can't imagine that there was something else behind the meaning.

 Bad thoughts are circling around.

 Sheet.

 If I don't hurry and escape…

 Part 3

 I wonder exactly how much time passed while I was trying various things.

 I'm tired.

 It feels like it's been a long time since I used this much magic power.

 The barrier hasn't even budged.

 It is a barrier meant to capture Roxy after all.

 I guess that would mean it won't be released that easily, huh…

 Sigh…

 I'll rest for a bit.

 I have no watch and I can't see the sun either.

 Since that's the case, my sense of time is vague.

 I'm hungry.

 Since a while ago my stomach has been grumbling.

 That prince, he better not forget to feed me.

 No that's wrong.

 He might be reducing my meals, in order to starve me down into a delicate, phosphorus-like body.

 In that case, he'd probably be even more excited at the time Roxy comes.

 One meal a day, huh.

 Since I'm in the middle of my growth period, it's a bit painful…

 I wonder what I can do?

 I can't escape using power.

 It's probably good to switch gears a bit.

 In my previous life, how did people escape from prison again?

 For example, that's right playing dead or ill.

 In order to bring a doctor or healing magician in they would need to release the barrier for a period of time.

 No, there's the possibility they would just leave me to die. Holding someone hostage requires two people.

 If it's a Hollywood star then when the guard comes close to the metal bars, arms would stretch out and knock them out in an instant, then they would steal the keys, but it won't work here.

 Humu…

 Other than that, what kind of methods was there?

 In short, it would be fine if I could just get out of here.

 If I was able to use magic, any number of things could be done.

 Might as well just pretend to swear allegiance to him.

 "Actually, I've always disliked Roxy since a while back, bro, guhehe. Actually I know the location of Roxy's family. Having her father and mother in front of her eyes, how does that sort of thing sound?"

 If I go with that sort of feeling, he might actually get caught up in it.

 He seems like an idiot after all.

 …No, let's not go with that.

 No matter what situation I'm in I can't speak badly of Roxy.

 I can throw away as much as I need of my pride, but I can't speak badly of Roxy.

 Clink…clink…

 While I was worrying, a sound suddenly entered my ears.

 They're footsteps.

 They're gradually getting closer.

 I wonder if Pax came down to check on me.

 Clink…

 The footsteps stopped just above me.

 And then, soon after crossed the room and I could hear them coming down the stairs.

 "Oh, it's just as Ginger said."

 The one who came down from the stairway was… An unknown man.

 However, I understood he was most likely royalty from a single look.

 First, his clothes have a truly arrogant feel to them.

 Using black as the basis, and red lines enter into that.

 And then gold colored embroidery is mixed into it, I understood it was expensive from a glance.

 In terms of age he should be around 20 years old.

 Speaking of his face, it's a bit similar to Pax.

 However, he has more of a tall and lanky look than Pax.

 He's oval-faced, his cheekbones are clearly visible, and he wears glasses.

 I haven't seen glasses used very often in this world, but the people who can use them do use them.

 In a world where Cupid's existence has been proven through science, NEETs would have this kind of face most likely.

 "Shirone Kingdom third prince, I'm Zanoba Shirone."

 He said it with an excessively sober voice.

 The third prince.

 In other words, Pax's older brother, huh.

 "Thank you for your courtesy. I'm Rudeus Greyrat."

 "Umu."

 "What kind of business do you have with me today?"

 "Umu."

 Zanoba nodded exaggeratedly and lifted up the bag he was holding in his hand.

 It's the kind of tool bag you hang over your shoulder.

 It's a bag I've seen somewhere before…

 Rather, it's my bag.

 Zanoba placed the bag on the ground, and carefully took something out from inside.

 It was the Ruijerd doll.

 "Where did you get your hands on this Demon Race doll?"

 Zanoba placed the doll right outside of the barrier.

 "Speak. From Ginger, I heard that you were the one holding onto it."

 It was a demanding tone.

 The Demon Race doll.

 I brought it without thinking about it too deeply, but after all I wonder if they would consider a doll of a Demon Race to be an evil gods figure around here.

 The Roxy doll has no characteristics of a demon race, but you can tell Ruijerd is a demon race in a single glance.

 There is the jewel in the forehead after all.

 I wonder how I should respond.

 At the very least, it seems better if I didn't say I was the one who created it.

 "…It's something that coincidentally came into my hands when I was traveling on the Magic Continent."

 "Oh! Then it was made by Demon Race hands after all! Then around where did you get your hands on it? What was the name of the merchant who sold it to you? Do you know who the creator is!?"

 Huh?

 Isn't he giving off an amazingly good feeling?

 His eyes are sparkling.

 "We-well, anyways, I liked it from the moment I first saw it so I just purchased it, and I don't know the details…"

 "What??"

 Zanoba's glasses reflected a bright light with a sharp sound.

 It's an amazing pressure.

 Without a doubt, those are the eyes of a person who has killed.

 "Ah, that's right. During the time the merchant was selling that doll he said it. If you hold onto that doll, you'll be fine even if you are attacked by a Superd race. If you show the doll and recite the chant "Ruijerdlikeschildren, Ruijerdlikeschildren" then suddenly the Superd race will become friendly like a person who you've known for tens of years, and then he'll put his hand on your shoulder in an over-familiar way and say "Hey Brotha" supposedly."

 "Oh oh! For it to do that! Anything else!? Anything else!?"

 "Umm, it will allow your children to be born in good health, also it might help you get better at swordsmanship?"

 "No, not that sort of thing! In other words, that means it was made by someone who has a deep relation with the Superd race right!?"

 I guess that would be the case.

 Though the only Superd race I know is Ruijerd.

 Even then, I guess if you call it a deep relation, it's deep.

 In this world, it seems like the majority of people don't want to get involved with the Superd race very much.

 "Humu, then I guess after all the chance should be high it should have the same producer as this?"

 While Zanoba was saying 'hmmhmm' to himself, he held the doll in his hand and was rotating it around while looking at it.

 Then he placed it on the ground and put his hand back into the bag.

 Well now, if we're speaking of things I put in there other than that, it should just be emergency clothes?

 "Well then, have you seen this doll before?"

 What Zanoba took out was what I once sold to a merchant in the past, the 1/10 Roxy figurine.

 Part 4

 The Roxy figurine was placed on the ground.

 Zanoba sat down with a plunk in front of that.

 I wonder if he didn't think his clean clothes would get dirty.

 It doesn't seem like he does his own laundry.

 "This demon race figure was discovered and purchased from the market five years ago…"

 Zanoba carefully looked over the doll with affectionate eyes.

 It's something I understood when I was on a missionary trip to spread the Ruijerd figurine, but thanks to the Milis Church's influence, Demon Race dolls are a contraband.

 After all I wonder if he's going to lay blame for something like that.

 Though he doesn't seem to be angry.

 "It was something my little brother discovered, it looks really similar to our Royal Court magician Roxy, it was something that he bought from the peddler himself."

 Hmm.

 "She 'was' the Royal Court magician at the 'time'?"

 "Yeah? That's right. It doesn't seem that you know, but Roxy Migurdia is already no longer in this country. She couldn't handle anymore of my little brother's sexual harassment so she ran away."

 No, for the most part I did hear from Pax.

 I see, she was escaping from the sexual harassment, huh.

 "Concretely speaking what kind of sexual harassment was it?"

 "Sexual? Like stealing her underwear or peeking on her in the bath."

 Seriously?

 That's unforgivable.

 A person such as that deserves a strict punishment.

 That's right, for example destroying his computer with a bat.

 Or being forced to live under the same roof with a young lady who will punch you to within the edge of your life for every little thing.

 Or being stripped nude and thrown into a prison then having cold water poured on you.

 He needs some of that kind of punishment.

 Since that's the case, it's fine if I personally use a thick [Earth Lance] to launch him into tomorrow morning as well.

 He'll become something like an average traffic cone.

 Really.

 For him to steal Roxy's panties, I wonder if he thought such a thing was fine to do.

 No, there isn't.

 There’s no excuse.

 It's an unforgivable action.

 Even if he is a prince, there's things you can and cannot do.

 It's natural that Roxy would run away.

 …Huh?

 If I follow that logic, could it be that the reason why Roxy stopped being my home teacher is my fault?

 "Rather than that, let's talk about this doll."

 While saying that Zanoba patted the shoulder area of the Roxy doll.

 That's right, it's better to change those kinds of gloomy topics.

 While thinking that, I nodded with a serious face.

 "I don't have eyes for dolls. I've been collecting dolls from all over the world, but…" (!)

 Starting with the preface, he started to tell me.

 That's right, he should speak.

 "Only this doll, both the producer and the place of production are unknown. I can understand it was created by shaving down a stone, but it's heavier and harder than what the skilled Dwarves can make with their stone craftsmanship. In order to shave down such a solid and hard stone, such carving techniques don't exist right now… For example… look at this staff piece. It would probably be impossible for even the most skilled dwarves to shave down such a hard stone this thin."

 Zanoba held up the staff the doll was holding in his fingers while saying that.

 The thin parts like the staff break easily.

 In order to compensate for that flaw, I had to make a considerable number of trial attempts and mistakes.

 In return for all those attempts, it gained a high hardness and rigidity.

 It's made of the same material as the grip part of Ruijerd doll's spear, but this part took a considerable amount of magic power, concentration, and time in order to create.

 If I were to put it into detail, it took about 1 day to create 1 cm.

 Even though I say that, you could call it the crystallization of my production technique.

 It ended up becoming something that won't break or bend.

 It's one of the parts that has a bit of a scheming to it.

 It makes me happy to be praised.

 "This sort of splendid item was being sold for only 5 Asura Gold coins. If it were me I'd have paid 100 Asura Gold coins for it. Those who live in the town really have no eye for quality, I'm troubled by how spineless they are. Although, I'm sure they took into account the fact that it was a Demon Race figurine when the price was made this cheap. If the Milis Church Temple Knights were to find out you were holding such a figure, even a prince of Shirone would be put through a heresy interrogation, and probably end up being killed as a follower of a Demon God cult. If you were to go in for bargaining, then there's many number of reasons you could use."

 While holding his head, Zanoba sighed and shrugged his shoulders.

 Would they kill you?

 It seems like the Temple Knight Group are all fanatics.

 "However, I still decided to try looking for the producer of this figurine. I don't really want to get involved with someone related to a Demon God cult, but I wanted to talk to the person who created this figure. During that time, Lilia suddenly appeared in my room. It was the next day after Roxy had left."

 Hmmm.

 It ended up with them crossing paths without realizing it by coincidence, huh.

 "Lilia was captured by the soldiers, a variety of things happened and it ended up that Pax was managing her, but among Lilia's belonging there was this sort of thing."

 While saying that Zanoba took a small box out from the bag.

 It was a box about the size of a fist that I had no recollection of.

 "I found it mysterious as to why she was carrying around something like this as an important item, but well, take a good look."

 Zanoba opened the box enough for me the see well inside of it.

 He took out a soft looking cloth that had been wrapped up and placed inside of it, Zanoba then carefully opened the cloth.

 The thing that was wrapped inside of it was a pendant carved of wood.

 I have a feeling like I've seen it somewhere before…

 Naturally it was handmade, and it conveys a feeling of the clumsiness of the producer.

 "That pendant… What about it?"

 "Hmm, this pendant doesn't matter at all."

 While saying that Zanoba placed the pendant on top of the bag.

 All of his movements are one of carefulness.

 You can sense his favorable impression.

 However, I wonder what it means for the things inside of the box to not matter at all.

 Then I saw it there.

 I recognized the cloth that the pendant had been wrapped in.

 "Well, it's these panties."

 Zanoba said that while spreading the cloth.

 There's no mistake.

 That is…

 The Holy Object of Roxy.

 "It seemed like Lilia wanted to give this to you on your 10th birthday."

 I see.

 In other words, it's that.

 The pendant is camouflage.

 That cloth being used as wrapping was my precious item, I clearly understood that.

 It could be that she intended to send it just like that at first, but she realized the abnormality in sending panties as a birthday present, and especially went out of her way to do something like this.

 However, unfortunately it didn't make it.

 The Holy Object panties have been cleanly washed.

 Roxy's Extra Virgin Olive Oil has disappeared, and it has lost its divinity.

 There's already no god residing within these panties.

 In exchange, I guess you could say they have devotion packed into them though…

 "A-And then, what is it about those panties?"

 I asked in order to hide my trembling voice.

 Zanoba nodded with an umu, and

 "Before I talk about the panties, I'll explain about this doll."

 Then Zanoba got onto all fours.

 He treated the Roxy doll as a fragile item and his fingers were trembling.

 And then, he started to talk.

 That's right, he started to talk.

 "Look at this from the front.

 If you look at it closely, this is a normal magician preparing their staff.

 However, it has a certain liveliness to it.

 Look at this normal robe.

 If you move one leg forward, then push out the staff, in that instant you'll distinctly understand.

 And then, and then if you look in the sleeve and hem of the robe, it's the wrist and ankle!

 The amount of skin being exposed is just a little bit.

 It's just a bit, but it has an immeasurable erotic side to it.

 With just this small bit, you can understand this young magician girl who appears skinny and definitely not voluptuous body is being hidden by the robe.

 Even though it's this baggy, do you get it!

 And then, you go like this, this time and look at it from behind.

 The baggy robe originally doesn't extend beyond the body's line.

 However, if you move the leg to the front and pull on by the cloth, and just a little bit of the butt line will rise to the surface.

 It's a small butt. Most likely even if you saw the real thing, it wouldn't be all that erotic.

 However, just like this, having it rise to the surface in this baggy robe, it's extremely erotic!

 I definitely want to see, I want to strip it and see, it's a butt which makes you think as such.

 After thinking that, of all things, this robe can be removed.

 If you carefully remove the part that fastens the robe, the appearance of an innocent young girl in her underwear comes out.

 Moreover, this young girl is not wearing a bra over her chest.

 Going off the chest size of the person known as Roxy, this choice was correct.

 And then if you look at it from the side, of all things, the left hand is hiding her chest.

 Strange, just a minute ago her left hand was supposed to have been holding her staff.

 While thinking that, take a look at the robe, of all things it has the left hand attached to it.

 That's right. This figurine has three arms.

 The appearance while wearing the robe and the underwear appearance. This gimmick makes this figurine have two figuries in one.

 It's truly ingenious.

 The fact that you can strip the robe means that the body's various poses were fixed.

 However, by manipulating the arms position into the inside and outside like this, it raises the pose's degree of freedom.

 That's not all, this time look at it from the side.

 During the time when it's wearing the robe its back is straight, it's a pose like she's sticking her forefoot out.

 However, if you remove the robe, for some reason she turns into a slouch.

 It's almost like she's trying to conceal her chest and body.

 In order to confirm that from above, look at the face.

 During the time she has the robe attached, it's a dignified face, but now doesn't it seem like she's desperately trying to bear with her bashfulness?

 I understand the one who created this. I understand it, that the expressions are the same.

 Something that no one can imitate, "Supremacy" is here.

 Certainly, you could say it's far from the skillful work of the Dwarves on various main parts.

 You could even call it the work of an amateur.

 However, this doll is certainly in a domain that the rough Dwarves can never reach their hands!"

 I listened to that every single word in detail.

 Normally one might listen with a blank expression.

 However, I am this doll's producer.

 Without missing a single word I reflected it on as I listened.

 And then I felt satisfied.

 Isn't that right, something that I created myself, is being told about with such passion.

 There's no way I wouldn't be happy.

 Regardless of this situation, the center of my chest has become warm.

 That's right.

 Of course, that's the case.

 This Roxy figurine is something I poured all of the technique I had at the time into.

 Even though it's definitely still an amateur creation, if a person who can see looks at it they'll understand.

 It's something to be happy about.

 For him to have even realized the tricks in the minor parts…

 However, one part is missing.

 Why would I make her hiding her chest with her hands…

 "Huh?"

 Then I realized it.

 "The black on the underside is starting to fade."

 "Hn?"

 While saying that, Zanoba turned the Roxy doll around again.

 "Ah, the black spots on the side? However, that hurt the beauty of the figurine so I erased it."

 Zanoba casually said it.

 I froze after hearing those words. 

 I was frozen.

 I opened my eyes and stopped my movements.

 "Er-erased it…?"

 "Hmm, the fact that you knew there were dots here means that after all you know something about this figurine?"

 "…Please turn that figure around and look at for a bit."

 "Before that answer my question."

 "It's fine so turn it around."

 I made a voice so cold that it surprised even me.

 Zanoba faltered with an "Uu" and following what I said he turned the figure around.

 "Stop it there, please look at it from that angle."

 I had him stop at the position where the mole was, at a position where Zanoba could just barely see it I had him stop.

 "Please look at the position of the hand."

 "What is it?"

 "It's fine, so please take a look at it."

 I understood that my somewhat strong tone was irritating Zanoba.

 However, he honestly looked at the doll.

 "Do you understand that her hands can't hide it?"

 "…Hmmm?"

 "Do you understand that the hands don't reach?"

 "…Ah."

 Zanoba let out a small voice.

 It seems he finally understood it.

 That's right, the reason why I had her hide her chest with her hands.

 In regards to this world that doesn't have forbidden 18+, why I didn't make the lovely and reserved Roxy's chest go exposed.

 "Do you understand that even though she can hide her chest, she wasn't able to hide her mole?"

 "…How…could…that be?"

 Zanoba was trembling and shaking.

 That's right.

 The reason why I put the moles on was certainly there.

 The mole acts as a second nipple, and it expresses the bashfulness that she can't hide it.

 That mole is the most erotic point of this figure.

 "I…I …I didn't understand a thing… And yet… to this work… I defiled it…"

 Zanoba's eyes were hollow, his body started to convulse.

 Bubbles started to appear from his mouth.

 Isn't his reaction just a bit too oversensitive I wonder?

 "Well, something like moles can be added again to fix it and it's fine, but then what was that about panties?"

 "Pa…panties are… the same…"

 Then after comparing the panties on the figure to the Holy Object, they were the same thing.

 I get it now.

 I equipped the thing I was most familiar with to the figurine.

 If Lilia was planning to send these panties to me, then it's normal to think there's a connection between them.

 Incidentally, Roxy of that time had four other panties, but the details were all slightly different.

 Yeah, I see it, Roxy is fashionable.

 "Is that the case? And then, what would it be fine for me to talk about in regards to that figurine?"

 Well. It should be fine.

 It seems Zanoba was treating this figure preciously.

 He shouldn't suddenly push me off onto the Temple Knight Group.

 "Nuuuuohh!"

 Zanoba suddenly erupts into a large shout.

 He threw his entire body to the ground.

 I was surprised.

 "So you were the producer of this figurine!"

 As expected this even made me go blank.

 Why is this guy suddenly bowing down before me?

 About the only thing I understand is Roxy's Greatness.

 "As expected of the 'Water King Class Magician' Roxy's disciple! This figurine was created using magic right!"

 Don't use Roxy's name without honorific.

 Add a -san.

 "I've looked at your creation everyday. Every time I look at it I discover something, and the feeling of respect became stronger. Please, allow me to call you shisho."

 While saying that he crawled on all fours with a rustling movement and tried to kiss my shoes, however, the barrier obstructed him, so he let out a roar "Uoooh" and started striking the barrier.

 That appearance was just like the dead that gather for new publications on the 3rd day of summer.

 He was throwing away his pride and dignity as a person, it was the appearance of one who lives true to his desires.

 "Uoooh! What is with this barrier?! Who put up something like this?! Shisho! Please allow me to worship those godly handsaaaaguoooahhh!"

 Just like this, I gained a slightly creepy disciple.

 There were guys like this in my previous life as well.

 They only ever interact on the net, it's a relationship you can't quite call friends, but they're there.

 That's right, that guy, had this sort of face.

 For someone to adore me this much is a first… However, it's convenient.

 I'm sure, Hitogami predicted this.

 The fact that I would be captured in the castle, I would become friends with him, then I would escape after receiving his help.

 Alright. I can see the ending!

 I told him with a normal face.

 "Oh disciple. In the room there should be a magic crystal that maintains this barrier. Find that and destroy it!"

 "I understand shisho! After I execute that, please, please bestow upon me the method to produce such figurines?!"

 "If you cannot find it, you will be excommunicated. You will not be allowed to call me shisho ever again."

 "Of course I will comply!"

 Zanoba stirred himself up using those words.

 He started wandering around the room searching.

 He also went around searching the room upstairs, I heard rustling like a cockroach creeping around the surroundings.

 Throughout all that, about one hour passed.

 If we were to speak of things he was able to find, it would only be an A4 size square hole in the ceiling.

 It seems like Pax had intended to dump in the meals from there.

 That's fine for meals, but I wonder what he was planning to do for excrement and illness.

 Maybe he planned to use sleeping gas from above to put me asleep and then secretly release the barrier.

 No, I'm sure he never thought about it.

 That man known as Pax probably thinks as long as you feed your pet, everything else is fine.

 For the time being, I received the bag and a bottle that Zanoba didn't need.

 If I use that, then I can dispose of my own excrement.

 No, I was already on the edge of leaking after all.

 For the time being, if he can at least remove the trapdoor, I thought escape should be possible.

 The ceiling is high.

 About 4 meters.

 However, if he were to hang a rope down, it should somehow reach.

 However, it seems that the heavy stone plate is welded on almost like a manhole and since it's fixed in place it would be difficult to remove it.

 It seems that there was a magic circle drawn above the cover as well.

 I wonder if it's one set.

 It seems difficult to destroy.

 "Isn't there someone who is knowledgeable about barriers among your highness' followers?"

 "No, since I have no followers!"

 "Is that so? Even that Pax had an imperial guard though?"

 "I traded the last one for the Roxy figurine! Heeh, it was a good deal!"

 This guy is an idiot as well, huh.

 Not to mention, trading his imperial guards, what is going on in this country.

 Well, in any case, there was one thing we confirmed.

 "Alright… I understand."

 "Oh, do you understand, as expected of shisho!"

 "Yes, if we continue like this, then it seems you're going to be excommunicated."

 "How could this be!?"

 For my slightly creepy disciple, he will be excommunicated at an unprecedented speed…

 Is what won't happen.

 I have no intention of losing my long awaited collaborator.

 "I'll change the condition. Help me get out from here, at the time when I get out you will become my disciple."

 "Oh! Is that fine! For a short while, for a short while please wait!! Right now I'll use my fists to smash in the ceiling!"

 "Please stop with being unreasonable."

 I panicked and stopped Zanoba as he tightly gripped his fists and glared at the ceiling.

 It was a serious face.

 It was a face which would continue to strike at the cover until his bones shattered and tore away.

 He's a dangerous guy.

 Zanoba was restless for a short while, but suddenly it seems he realized something and raised his face.

 "Shisho, who was it that created this barrier?"

 "Ummm, if I'm correct it was the seventh prince his highness Pax."

 "Hmmm, come to think of it I remember Ginger saying something like that…"

 "Did you not hear about the situation in detail?"

 "Since my head is filled with thoughts about the figurine."

 "Ah, I see."

 For the time being, it seems like there's something with Ginger and this prince.

 I wonder if Ginger is moving around behind the scenes as well.

 It seems like that person doesn't want things to go well for Pax as well, it might be good to have him help in that direction.

 No it's the opposite, he said he came here after being told by Ginger.

 In other words, Ginger wanted to put Zanoba and me together.

 I wonder if she thought our interests matched after seeing the Ruijerd figurine.

 However, I wonder what Ginger wanted me to do by getting this unreliable prince as an ally.

 I can't see what moves I should make.

 "In other words, shisho, Pax would be able to do something about it right?"

 "Hnn? Yeah, that is what it means I guess."

 Zanoba thought about it for a bit there, and then afterwards, said in a quiet voice that had been frolicking around in high spirits until now,

 "I understand, please be patient for a short while."

 It seems he thought of something.

 However, it doesn't seem like this prince is very smart.

 If he makes some sort of weird move, I wonder if a snake will come out of the bush.

 "Ummm, before you take any actions you should properly consult with someone. That's right, for example Ginger-san. I'm fine as well."

 "Hahaha, shisho is of the worrying nature I see. Please rest easy, leave everything to me."

 "Hey, wait just a second, where are you going, listen to me. What are you planning to do?!"

 Zanoba went up the stairs while laughing.

 "Seriously…"

 At that moment I had the feeling like "Ah, I've done it now."

 For that unreliable prince with no followers to take up that attitude, I thought I had told him to poke around in a bush filled with snakes.

 I thought the situation was heading in an extraordinarily bad direction.

 A bad premonition was haunting me.

 Ah, if it was going to be like this, it would have been fine if I had at least had him bring me something to eat beforehand.

 Is what I thought.

 However, I would soon come to understand that was a mistake.

 The person known as Zanoba Shirone.

 I completely misread that.

 After thinking about it later, from the point that Zanoba knew I was the figurine's producer, everything was already decided.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
