Volume 6  7 — The Day the Little Sister Maid Was Born

Volume 6 Chapter 7 - The Day the Little Sister Maid Was Born

 

 Part 1

 This is a small town in Shirone Kingdom.

 There’s a certain inn.

 Whether you're going to Asura or Milis, it's the same up until this town.

 The road separates here.

 Which is why, here we'll part with Lilia and the others.

 I was at a table facing Lilia.

 Outside the window, I could hear Aisha and Eris talking.

 Part 2

 "That's right! Ru…The Owner is amazing! If he gets serious he can even freeze heavy rain and the forest all at once!"

 "Is that magic? That's amazing!"

 "Of course! Rather than that there's a more amazing story, do you want to hear it?"

 "Please tell me about it!"

 Part 3

 Eris is telling about the exploits of The Owner full of pride.

 I was making a bitter smile listening to that conversation, while facing Lilia with my awareness.

 She was sitting on the other side of the table.

 If it's her, in the past I've only talked to her bit by bit.

 Well, I wonder what I should talk about.

 While I was hesitating, Lilia started the conversation.

 "Let me thank you once again, Rudeus-sama. To have my life saved by you not just once but twice, I am deeply moved."

 "Please stop. This time I didn't do anything."

 "No, I heard that from faint bits of information Rudeus-sama especially came to Shirone to visit."

 While saying that Lilia deeply lowered her head.

 I just did what the Hitogami said.

 After that, I really didn't do anything at all.

 I just disgracefully fell into a trap and had to wait for help.

 If you're trying to say I deserve gratitude for that, the me in my past life would have been a big-shot.

 "Please show your gratitude to Eris and Ruijerd. Thanks to their skillful actions things ended smoothly."

 "I did talk to them for a bit longer, but they said it was all Rudeus-sama's scheme."

 "There's no way that was the case."

 "…If Rudeus-sama says so."

 She looks dissatisfied.

 It's not like I've called out black as white or anything.

 "By the way, has Aisha said anything impolite to you?"

 Lilia took a glance outside the window, sighing a bit while coming out saying something like that.

 "Not at all. She's an excellent child. To be able to think and act like that at six years would normally never happen."

 Well, her claws were just a bit too skilled though.

 I'll keep silent.

 I can't really talk about other people.

 "I don't think it's to the extent of Rudeus-sama… These past few years, I had intended to teach her as much as I could. Even now she's still a stupid daughter that hasn't come to understand how wonderful Rudeus-sama is."

 "Stupid is saying too much."

 In the first place, I'm an exception.

 Since I still have memories of my previous life.

 I thought there might be a possibility of my little sister having them too, but as a test I tried talking a bit about the existence of televisions and cellphones, but she just fell into confusion.

 My little sister is just simply a genius.

 Paul's genes are unexpectedly amazing.

 "Rudeus-sama, what do you think about Aisha?"

 Suddenly, Lilia looked like she came up with an idea and asked that.

 "Eh? Like I said, she's excellent."

 "Not like that, in appearance."

 "I think she's cute."

 "She's my daughter, when she grows up her breasts will most likely be big as well."

 Oh, her chest will…

 No-no. I don't have any interest in my little sister’s chest.

 Or rather, what's this? What is she talking about?

 "Rudeus-sama, if you're going to continue on your journey to Asura, please take Aisha along with you. I have no choice but to return to danna-sama, but would it be alright if I leave Aisha to you?"

 "Do you mind if I can hear the reason?"

 I asked in return on reflex.

 "Rudeus-sama, I've always been teaching Aisha on a normal basis in order for her to serve Rudeus-sama in the future."

 "That seems to be the case."

 "I've taught my daughter every single thing that I know. She's still young now, but in another four years she'll surely have a good attractive body."

 Attractive to men.

 "Please wait just a moment. She's my little sister?"

 "I know of Rudeus-sama's fondness for women."

 Do you know of it, I see.

 Though you know.

 It seems that I'm different from my previous life, it seems like I'm not really interested in desire towards those linked to me with blood.

 That's why, even if you say, "Aisha has grown up, now eat up", it will just trouble me.

 Though, well, that sort of reason is just one of my real intentions.

 There is one more intention.

 "That child is still six years old, right? It's an age where she should remain with her parents."

 "…If Rudeus-sama says so."

 Lilia was disappointed.

 I don't think I've said anything incorrect.

 Aisha is still young. Isn't it better for her to remain together with her parents?

 It's limited to my feelings as a Japanese, but it's desirable to be together with both the father and mother during the time they're small.

 I do think that it's fine if it's either, but if it's neither then that's clearly no good.

 "I understand. Certainly, Aisha is still a bit inexperienced. I can't very well let someone inexperienced serve by the side of Rudeus-sama."

 "Umm, please don't teach her anything too weird? Umm, something about a pervert or other."

 "I've only ever conveyed to her that Rudeus-sama is a wonderful person."

 "Thanks to that, it seems she's being a bit rebellious though…"

 "I guess that is true. Well, that's just for now."

 Lilia abruptly made a small laugh with her breath and raised her face.

 It was a bright face.

 I can't take Aisha.

 However, I've already received something important from Lilia.

 One of those is hanging around my neck with a leather string attached, and the other one is preciously stored in a box.

 I will never let go of them again.

 "This pendant (and panties), thank you very much."

 "No, since I had heard that it was something precious to Rudeus-sama."

 I could hear the parts she didn't let out with her mouth.

 Lilia has really looked after me quite a bit.

 "…Umm, after all does holding onto panties make me into a pervert I wonder?"

 "Pervert? Is that what you heard from Aisha?"

 Lilia suddenly stood up.

 Woah woah, stop stop.

 Please sit.

 Lilia made a small sigh.

 "Since that child was allowed to move around relatively freely, someone may have taught her something weird I guess."

 It's something strange, yeah.

 That's right, it is something strange.

 "If she considers you a pervert for something like panties, I can't imagine what would happen if she was employed in the Asura Royal Palace…"

 "The Asura Royal Palace? Come to think of it, you used to work in the inner palace didn't you."

 "Yes. If I were to compare it to that place, danna-sama and Rudeus-sama wouldn't even qualify to enter as a pervert."

 "I-is that so…"

 I had always considered myself as considerably that, but I see… It's even more than that, huh.

 I wonder if the Asura Royal Palace is that sort of place.

 After thinking about it, even the nobles of the remote regions were into the race-race after all.

 No, it's not limited to the Greyrat family, the Shirone Royal Family was pretty bad as well.

 "Inside there were cages for women as well."

 "No, it's fine without telling me the concrete details."

 Anymore than this is no good.

 "In any case, for the higher ranked nobles and royalty, many of them have perverted interests. If I were to compare you to them, having an interest in the underwear of the one you're longing for is still normal."

 Lilia made eyes looking far into the distance.

 I'm sure she's remembering some bad things.

 "Please take good care of father."

 "I understand and will comply."

 "Ah, I'll give you some travelling money, but if it seems like you're lacking then try to find one of fathers' subordinates in the Adventurer's Guild."

 "I understand and will comply."

 "I think you can trust the soldiers escorting you, but since the other side is unknown, please take care of yourself."

 "There's no problem. We're already acquainted."

 "Ah, I see, ummm…"

 "Rudeus-sama."

 While I was thinking of various things, Lilia suddenly stood up and walked over.

 And then she hugged me with my head in her chest.

 Her voluptuous chest was being pressed against my face.

 Reflexively my nasal breathing got rough.

 "Umm, Lilia-san, it's touching?"

 "Rudeus-sama hasn't changed since the past."

 While Lilia was saying that she made a small laugh.

 Part 4

 The next day.

 Just before we were about to depart.

 Eris, Ruijerd, and I were doing final checks on the carriage to make sure if there were any deficiencies.

 If it were to break down on the way, we would be in trouble after all.

 Lilia and the others decided to leave ahead of us.

 It seems they have a person who can repair the carriage.

 I wonder if it would be good for me to learn when I have spare time.

 "The Owner-san, The Owner-san!"

 Aisha came trotting along.

 "What is it?"

 "Just a bit."

 Then she started to pull on the hem of my clothes, she's trying to bring me somewhere.

 I wonder why.

 For the time being, I exchanged a glance with Ruijerd and followed after her.

 The place I was taken to was a thicket by the roadside.

 Aisha crouched down then made a gesture for me to sit down as well.

 I crouched.

 It's just like a secret talk.

 No, it is a secret talk.

 "The Owner-san, to be honest I have a secret request to make of you."

 "A request? If it's something I can do."

 If it's a request from my cute little sister then, I want to try to grant it as much as possible.

 I'm hated by Norn, but I don't want to be hated by Aisha too.

 Up until now it seems to be a good feeling, but that is because I'm The Owner after all.

 If I were to open up as her older brother, she might look at me with eyes as if I'm trash.

 "Somehow, please allow me to join you on your journey as an ally."

 After hearing that, my eyes turned into dots.

 …Lilia, huh.

 "Were you told that by your mother?"

 Since she was rejected directly, then this time she's going with the plan to have her daughter ask in tears.

 She can do it surprisingly well, that person.

 "No, there's no way my mother would say its okay."

 "Hnn?"

 Oh?

 Just the other day Lilia asked if she could go together with me though.

 What does this mean?

 "My mother has always said it habitually. In the future, I will be serving my brother born of a different mother."

 "She has said that."

 "However!"

 Aisha pounded the ground with her fist.

 "I have to say sorry to that!"

 It seems that things about me are greatly sorry.

 Probably because I get excited from panties.

 I'm sorry.

 "We just talked about that the other day, right. My older brother is a pervert. I understand what The Owner-san said, but I definitely don't want to serve that kind of person."

 "Is that so?"

 I don't think you should say that much though…

 "Please without fail save me. Like you just saved me the other day. From the hands of the pervert demon, gallantly!"

 "I'll have to turn that down."

 Don't joke about that.

 If we were to journey together, my name will be exposed won't it.

 If at the time when it's exposed she were to know about the lie then…

 Oh?

 However, since she's family, one day it will be exposed right?

 "Why not? He's a pervert!"

 "That is, something in your imagination, it isn't reality."

 Alright. Here we should clear up a bit of the misunderstanding.

 If I leave it to Lilia, I'm sure I'll always remain as a pervert after all.

 She said there was something more amazing in the Royal Palace, but unless you actually see it you wouldn't understand.

 "It's not like you've actually met right?"

 "However, the panties were certainly there!"

 "There could have been some sort of reason for them."

 "What kind of reason could there be for treating panties preciously!?"

 Even if you ask why? Why?

 Look, for example a certain religion, if a Sage keeps a Holy Object on their body then it raises its divinity right?

 Not to mention it's panties you know?

 It's the panties Roxy used during her time of solo play you know?

 It's the item of a first class player you know?

 If you were a listener paying attention to the scene then, what would you do?

 You take care of it with the utmost devotion of course!

 The motto of my sect is "Let's take both sexual desire and study seriously!"

 It's the double standard of erotic study.

 Well, putting that aside.

 "That Roxy person was the home teacher to your older brother right?"

 "Yes."

 "In other words, she should be a person who had a great influence on your older brother."

 "I wonder if that is the case…"

 Of course, I'm the one saying it so there's no mistake.

 Something that I wasn't able to do in nearly 20 years, she's the person who allowed me to do it after all.

 The reason why I'm living like this right now is all thanks to her.

 "If it's something that person kept on their body then, all the more reason you would want to keep it, is what I think."

 "Yeah…"

 It doesn't seem like she accepts it.

 Well then, I'll try giving her something belonging to The Owner-san who just saved her life and see.

 I took a single thing out of my bag.

 "This forehead protector is something I've always been using."

 "What is this, suddenly?"

 "I will give this to you."

 I took out the forehead protector from my luggage and handed it over to her.

 In the past, it's something I bought in the Town of Rikarisu.

 It was put through the laundry, but since I've used it quite a bit, you could say it's got my sweat soaked into it.

 After putting that into her hands, she made a bit of a taken back face…

 "Ah! Somehow, I think I get it."

 "It's not something with words, have you understood with your heart?"

 "Yes, I've understood it! My older brother was not a pervert right!"

 Since that's the case.

 I decided to part with the old forehead protector.

 This child sure is easy.

 "The Owner-san is truly a good person right!"

 "I wouldn't say all that much."

 Sparkle, Rudeusmile.

 Aisha was looking at me with sparkling eyes, but she suddenly seemed to realize it and whispered "Ah, that's right."

 "Right now, my older brother is missing. If he were to die somewhere, would it be alright for me to serve The Owner-san?"

 "No, I wonder about that."

 "Is that no good? If I tell mother I think she will understand though, I think I'll grow pretty well! Into a body that attracts men!"

 "Attracts men… do you understand the meaning of that?"

 "It means a body that makes you want to make children, right?"

 "Children shouldn't talk about making children."

 You might be abducted by large fiends and your red rice day might be annihilated.

 Really, who was it that you taught this.

 "Is it absolutely no good…? Do you hate me?"

 My little sister with her eyes watering.

 Humu, adorable.

 Of course I don't hate you.

 "I understand, if you can't find your older brother, it's fine."

 "Really?"

 It's painful to deceive.

 By the time she has grown up the journey will be over, we'll be able to live together getting along as a family again.

 "Then, you're not angry that I said you were a pervert, right?"

 "Yeah, of cour…eh?"

 What did she say, just now?

 "Thank you older brother!"

 In the end, she said that, and suddenly stood up.

 Then she just ran over to the three guards waiting at the carriage like that.

 I proceeded to the carriage in a daze.

 Aisha was waving her hand, Lilia as well slightly lowered her head.

 And then finally.

 "Bye bye, older brother! We'll meet again! It's a promise!"

 The carriage went.

 I watched that and returned to our carriage.

 Still in a daze.

 Eris was making a spoiled face and said.

 "What's with that, after all it's already been exposed, hasn't it?"

 "E-eh…?"

 Ruijerd pulled on the reins of the horse.

 The carriage started to move.

 In the first place, if I think about it, there were many places to realize it.

 In the beginning they yelled out my name as well, after that there was also the time she talked with Eris and Ruijerd, there was probably a time when they suddenly leaked Rudeus.

 That means it was already exposed.

 Then… why was she pretending not to know?

 Think, think.

 I quickly realized the answer.

 Most likely she wants to make sure if her older brother was a person she could trust.

 If I had continued to call myself The Owner there and tried to bring her along, there's no doubt she would have abandoned me.

 "Ha ha."

 After realizing that, I laughed.

 Aisha is really clever, a smart child.

 I'm looking forward to her future.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
