Volume 6  8 — Becoming an Adult

Volume 6 Chapter 8 - Becoming an Adult

 

 Part 1

 We are heading off towards the Asura Kingdom.

 Heading west from Shirone Kingdom and continuing further.

 It's a flat path and the weather is so good that I feel like I'll casually fall asleep.

 On the sides of the road, there are plains as far as you can see.

 In front, you can faintly see the Red Dragon Mountain Range.

 I saw three shadows slowly circling above the Mountain Range.

 It's peaceful.

 Occasionally thieves who can't read the mood come out and tell us to leave our money and go, or say other things of similar nature, but just as they wished for, Eris gives them her fist and they run away in shame.

 It seemed like at first Ruijerd was just going to go with slaughtering them all, but after listening to the situation, it seems most of them were just troubled being unable to eat, so for the time being we let them go.

 Just once though.

 Even though it's the Central Continent, the road around this area seems to have some slightly bad public order.

 I wish they'd learn from the Magic Continent.

 Thieves would never come out there.

 Although, 10x as many monsters would come out compared to thieves.

 I wonder if people being able to do as they please is proof of peace.

 It seems if you head a bit further northward, a lot of small countries are jumbled together at war, and the thieves increased thanks to the influence of that war…

 In any case, it sure is peaceful.

 Part 2

 The Red Dragon Mountain range is a very long mountain range that covers the Central Continent.

 The mountains are stretched out splitting the Central Continent into three parts, and throughout the range there are Red Dragons inhabiting it.

 Red Dragons could be called the strongest monsters of the Central Continent.

 They could also be called an absolute strength.

 Each one holds S rank strength individually and yet they create packs of several hundred.

 What is worth a special mention is their detection ability.

 They'll absolutely never overlook a living organism that enters their territory.

 Absolutely.

 They won't even let a living being the size of a dog pass by, no matter how strong of a monster it is, if it enters into the territory of the Red Dragons, the swarm will eat it without even leaving a bone behind.

 It's unknown how they manage to detect things that enter into their territory.

 If you enter their territory, you die.

 That's common sense in this world.

 There are a number of categories of Dragons in this world.

 Pretty much all of them are over A rank individually.

 Among them, the ones that are said to be the most dangerous are the Red Dragons.

 Individually they're said to be at lowest S rank, the scale of their territory is just too large, and at any rate they move in flocks.

 The Red Dragons have settled down there; therefore, the Mountain Range was called Red Dragon Mountain Range.

 It's a mountain range that is impossible to pass.

 That is the Red Dragon Mountain Range.

 Even with them being that much of a dangerous being, as a matter of fact the Red Dragons have a single weakness.

 Their combat ability is high, but their flight ability is crude, therefore, they can't take off from a level ground.

 They normally jump off from a high cliff in order to fly, otherwise a somewhat long slope is required to build up speed.

 While the mountains in Central Continent are high, fundamentally it's nothing but plains and forests.

 Therefore, the people living in the plains are rarely afraid of being attacked by the Red Dragons.

 Although, it seems there are occasionally foolish individuals.

 They might get involved with something like turbulence and fall down into the plains.

 Such dragons are known as Stray Dragons.

 Even if the lord of the skies falls to the ground, it's still a strong upper A rank.

 With their overwhelming power, when they go into a rage, it seems that an enormous amount of damage is done.

 If they fall near a human village, it's something the country raises an army to subjugate.

 Emergency jobs are sent out, it's an uproar almost like poking a beehive.

 Although, generally they will fall a good distance away from human villages.

 Even though the rank of the job is S rank, in order to play it safe, seven or eight parties gather together, set traps, and hunting it is unexpectedly simple it seems.

 Incidentally, it seems the Dragons' meat and bones are close to the highest quality of materials for equipment.

 Also, the skin of Dragons has a high value as an article of art.

 Of course, it's not just the skin, the entirety of the Dragon isn't spared and everything is used.

 If 10 people were to equally split up the reward for subjugating just 1, it seems they'll earn enough money to go crazy for at least a year.

 Putting it into detail, it seems one dragon is worth about 100 Asura Gold Coins.

 Since the raw materials are valuable as well, it seems even freshly raised C ranks who can't accept the job, recklessly attempt to challenge it.

 It seems that most of them are turned into fried meat and suppressed with a chomp.

 The Red Dragon Mountain Range is such a place that has large amounts of those Red Dragons inhabiting it.

 There is a single place that can be used for passage there.

 Valleys surrounded by steep cliffs known as the "Red Dragon's Upper Jaw" and "Red Dragon's Lower Jaw".

 These are valleys that have existed since the time of the second Great Human-Demon war and even at that time it was the only path that had a width which armies could pass through.

 It seems that Laplace anticipated this and released the Red Dragons in the Red Dragon Mountain Range.

 Since Ruijerd is the one saying it, there's no mistake.

 We're heading towards the part that connects the southern and western parts of the Central Continent, the "Red Dragon's Lower Jaw".

 After we pass there, it's Asura Kingdom.

 Part 3

 However, the fact is that we have to circumvent the mountains. In other words a roundabout way.

 There's one young lady here that doesn't like the roundabout way.

 "Even without having to take a detour, since we have Ruijerd here we should be able to pass something like the Red Dragon Mountain Range!"

 In other words, it's Eris' rash manner after seeing the small Red Dragons circling above the Red Dragon Mountain range.

 "Don't be unreasonable."

 Ruijerd replied with a bitter smile.

 Even I thought it might be possible if it was Ruijerd, but it seems as expected even he wouldn't be able to pass the Red Dragon Mountain Range on foot.

 Then, it's impossible for me as well.

 Since I can't win against Ruijerd, after all.

 "But Rudeus might be able to do it right!"

 "No, that's impossible, what are you saying."

 It seems that somehow or other Eris wants to experience exterminating a dragon.

 It's not that I don't understand her feelings, but I'd like to say "wait just a bit."

 As expected we have things we can and cannot do.

 "Although, Ghyslaine said once before she defeated a Stray Red Dragon!"

 "Is that true?"

 I never heard that story.

 It might not be a story from her Adventurer days.

 If it were a story from her adventurer days, then I'm sure Paul would have bragged about it at least once.

 "It seems before she became a Sword Saint she fought with a Red Dragon!"

 "Ohh, alone?"

 "Umm, I think she said it was together with around five other Advanced level swordsmen."

 "Then, how many died?"

 "Just two."

 You idiot.

 Doesn't that mean there's a 40% mortality rate?

 Then why do you think I would be able to win against a Red Dragon?

 "In the first place, the difference in strength between a Stray Dragon and the Dragons in the mountain is completely different. After all, they fly in the sky you know?"

 The fact that they're flying in the sky means that they have a large advantage over people.

 The fact that they possess the flight attribute means they're not weak against the bow.

 Not to mention a flock.

 Among the monsters that make a flock in this world, generally they all know the method to hunt with the flock.

 Never mind the Dragon Kings that make flocks of at most a few in number as they act, or the Black Dragons that don't even make a flock in the first place, there's no way I could do anything but give up and be torn to pieces by the Red Dragons that come to attack in the hundreds.

 "Right, Ruijerd-san?"

 "Yeah, there's no one out there who can do anything to a flock of Red Dragons. If there were, it would only be the upper-ranked gods of the [Seven Great World Powers].

 Most likely, even if it were the North God or Sword God they would be forced to go back the way they came from before they even make it halfway."

 "Is that the case?"

 If it were the [Seven Great World Powers] then I thought something like a Dragon would be a simple opponent though…

 "Yeah, most likely they would be exhausted on the way. Since you wouldn't even be able to sleep."

 I see now.

 Several hundred dragons would continue to attack you throughout the night preventing you from sleeping.

 Before it's even a problem of combat ability, the amount of resources they crush you with is overwhelming.

 "Although, the King of those Red Dragons obeyed Laplace. Therefore, if it's the upper ranks of the [Seven Great World Powers] then they could probably do it.

 Although, if it was the [Seven Great World Powers] of the past, then any of the seven would probably have been able to pass through the territory of the Red Dragons."

 I get it now.

 The currently sealed fourth, "Demon God", and the current fifth, "Death God".

 It seems around there is a wall that can't be overcome.

 "However, someday you want to try hunting at least one right?"

 Today, Eris is just as dangerous as always.

 Then someday, I'm sure I'll be dragged in as well.

 In order to prepare for the day that is destined to come, I should start preparing counter-plans now for Red Dragons.

 Part 4

 It's peaceful every day.

 A certain day when we were still several days away from arriving at the Red Dragon's Lower Jaw.

 I was thinking about Hitogami while making food.

 The things that happened the other day at Shirone Kingdom.

 I was comparing that advice and my own actions.

 And then, I was threading it together with the information I heard after.

 For example, when I escaped at the start using Earth Lance, if I had listened to the story of the soldiers.

 I might have found out at that point that Roxy wasn't in the castle.

 Then, I would have been able to avoid Pax's trap.

 In reverse thanks to that I managed to be caught in the trap.

 I'm sure the letter content would have been different as well if I had earned Ginger's cooperation.

 In that case, I most likely wouldn't have made contact with Zanoba, but after all things should have still progressed smoothly.

 Hmmm.

 Honestly, the fact that I managed to meet Zanoba, as expected, was something I thought was strange afterward.

 It allowed me to advance forward in a direction that was convenient for me.

 It could be that besides just having the ability to see the future, Hitogami has the power to change the future as well.

 No, regardless of the circumstances, Zanoba was in that place.

 It's not like Zanoba's personality abruptly changed.

 Even if for example I wasn't holding onto a doll, I have the feeling that Ginger would have drawn in Zanoba to me somehow.

 Zanoba was holding onto the Roxy doll after all and he wanted to talk about it as well.

 I'm sure I would have still pointed out the matter of the moles.

 What about the false names?

 At the very least thanks to the fact that I didn't name myself with my real name, I was able to get along with Aisha.

 However, that itself wasn't really related to the incident was it…

 In reverse, if for example I had used my real name there I wonder what would have happened.

 It seems like Aisha thought I was a pervert.

 In the end, we were able to clear up the misunderstanding.

 However, at the very least by the point we arrived at the inn, she shouldn't have been sure I was her older brother yet.

 Alone together in an inn with just her pervert of an older brother.

 If it were me then I would recognize the crisis to my chastity.

 For example say you're going to the bathroom then run away through the gap.

 I wonder where she could have run away to.

 Since she said she wanted to send the letter, she might have gone to steal some money.

 If she has money, then she would be able to send the letter is what I told her.

 If it's the clever her, then she could have used that money to buy some stationery, then asked someone on the path the way to the Adventurers Guild, and then send the letter there.

 No, the soldiers found her once.

 If she had gone to the Adventurer's Guild she would have been found by the soldiers.

 I'm sure she could have entrusted it to another person.

 However, she has no acquaintances.

 If she hadn't been found by the soldiers in a dangerous situation, aimlessly walking around the town.

 I would have searched for her.

 I wonder how I would have searched for her.

 With Ruijerd, I'm sure.

 If I were to know that Aisha had disappeared, I'm sure I would have panicked and without thinking about the consequences fired an explosion magic into the sky, and then made contact with Ruijerd.

 And then I would have said I found my little sister but she ran away, then we would have searched.

 And then the lost Aisha would be left in the care of Ruijerd.

 Ruijerd is kind to children.

 I'm sure Aisha would have trusted him.

 Yeah, after all, there's no problem.

 The more I think about it, there's meaning in Hitogami's advice.

 Even in the rough flow of my actions, it was made to reach a single conclusion.

 Even until now, most likely it was the same.

 The fact that we had Ruijerd save us and even if we hadn't accepted his help as well.

 It still would have ended with us going on a journey together with Ruijerd.

 After meeting Kishirika, no matter which Demon Eye I had received as well, I would have still gotten captured by the Dedorudia race in the Great Forest.

 That guy is giving advice after thinking about a variety of things.

 However, as usual the only thing I can't see is his objective.

 If he would properly tell me about that, then even I would be a bit more honest.

 Just being honest that is…

 Just like that I was thinking while glancing at the sky.

 Part 5

 Eris and Ruijerd are training again today without fail.

 I was watching that as I made food.

 In the start I was mixed in as well, but probably because of the difference in basic strength, I gave up halfway through.

 Recently, Eris' strength has been eye opening.

 One year ago, as long as I used my Demon Eyes, I could leisurely win.

 If it was the Eris from that time, I could have probably pulled down her panties in the middle of battle.

 However, now it's impossible.

 If I give it my all while putting magic power into my Demon Eye the one who is standing at the end may be me, but most likely it will be a very close match.

 Of course, if it's a fight with a certain distance, then my chances of winning go up simply through tactics.

 The possibility of slipping into and touching her breasts in the confusion has been picked off.

 However, I wonder if it's the thing called talent.

 I think I'm giving it quite a bit of effort in my own way, but Eris is going above that.

 The amount and quality of her hard work are both above me.

 I think I need to work harder myself, but my body can't keep up.

 It could be that this body doesn't have all that much physical strength.

 I thought about it according to my previous life's standards, but according to this world’s standard, I would fall short of average.

 Since there's no one else around the same generation as Eris it's hard to tell.

 While I was thinking about that, it seems the training for today has ended.

 Recently Ruijerd has stopped asking Eris, "Understand now?”

 I'm sure she can understand now even if he doesn't ask.

 Eris is absorbing it well.

 "Eris."

 By the time they had returned to where I was, suddenly Ruijerd called out to Eris.

 "What?"

 Eris took a well-squeezed cloth from me and put her hand inside of her clothes to wipe up the sweat.

 Previously she would have wiped down the sweat of all of her upper body with her bra, but since I would get excited it turned into the current situation.

 I'm sure she feels disgusting being covered in sweat.

 I'm sorry about that.

 "It's fine if you call yourself a warrior from today on."

 Ruijerd said it while plunking down on the ground with his back.

 A warrior, huh.

 Not a swordsman but a warrior.

 Those known as warriors in this world are just not simply swordsmen and there's no large difference between their combat ability.

 Therefore… Hnn?

 Then I realized the meaning of Ruijerd's words there.

 Eris as well, with her hands raised around her armpit stopped moving.

 "…That means."

 "You've become an adult."

 Ruijerd said it quietly.

 Eris made an awkward movement and threw the cloth in my direction.

 I caught that, and then used a water technique to wet both sides, then wrung it out and dusted it.

 Eris came to sit by my side.

 I have recollection of this expression.

 It's the face she made when she handed over my staff.

 It's the kind of face she makes when she's so happy she wants to grin, but she feels she has no choice but to make a quiet face.

 "Bu-but Ruijerd, I still haven't been able to win against you at all?"

 "No problem, you already possess more than enough power as a warrior."

 This is that.

 If you were to ask and see, it might be something like a license.

 Similar to how Ghyslaine had authorized her to name herself as an Advanced level of the Sword God style, Ruijerd has given permission for her to name herself as a Warrior.

 I guess this would be something to congratulate her on.

 "Eris, congratulations."

 Eris' eyes were reflecting black and white, she might not have felt that was the reason she did her training.

 "Ru-rudeus, could this be a dream, could you please pinch me a bit?"

 "You won't hit me if I pinch you?"

 "I won't hit you."

 Since I got a promise, I tightly pinched her nipple.

 Obviously, gently.

 Oh wait, in this case it would be indecently, I guess?

 Eris' fist was not gentle.

 "Where are you pinching?"

 "Please excuse me? But it's not a dream. If it were a dream it wouldn't hurt this bad."

 I, with a pale face holding my jaw, said that to Eris who had a bright red face while holding her chest.

 "I see, a warrior…"

 Eris was looking at her own palm while coming to some kind of realization.

 "However, don't be conceited. It just means I won't treat you as a child anymore, got it?"

 He said it in a style almost like a parent warning a child about something.

 "…Yes!"

 Eris said that while making a meek face.

 Well, the area around her cheeks is twitching like it's about to turn into a grin.

 The food on that day was somehow a little better tasting than usual.

 Part 6

 That night, around the time Eris fell asleep, suddenly something was bothering me so I opened my eyes.

 I started talking to Ruijerd who was keeping guard while half-sleeping.

 "Why did you say that sort of thing to Eris?"

 Ruijerd opened his half-open eyes and looked at me.

 "Because no matter how long has passed, you continue to treat that girl as a child."

 …Well now.

 Whether Eris is a child or not.

 Well, she's a child.

 If we were to compare to me in my previous life, she would be my junior by 20 years.

 Not to mention, since the time when she was much smaller, I've been leading her around holding her hand, while being hit, and teaching her various things.

 If you were to call it a child, it would be a child.

 However, certainly Eris has grown-up recently.

 It's not just her figure.

 Just a bit, she started to bear in mind her judgement.

 I feel like she's gone around acting violently without thinking about it less, compared to the past.

 She still has ways to go when it comes to similar things, but I think the frequency has definitely decreased.

 If you say it then I guess so.

 I wonder if it's part of the process for her to turn from a child to an adult.

 I can't really say with the compliment that I'm a splendid adult as well.

 However…

 "Hnnn…"

 I was thinking about it and Ruijerd quietly closed his eyes.

 "Well, I guess it can't be helped, huh…"

 I wonder what it is that can't be helped.

 I didn't properly think about the meaning of it.

 I don't know, but I felt some kind of bad premonition.

 "Ruijerd-san."

 "What is it?"

 "Please put one of these gold coins in your chest pocket."

 After saying that, I took a gold coin out of my bag, and threw it to Ruijerd.

 He hesitated.

 Since his coat didn't have pockets.

 Even so it seems he managed to succeed in sticking the gold coin in a seam near his chest.

 "And, what is this?"

 "A good luck charm."

 I was satisfied with that and fell back to sleep.

 Part 7

 Several days later.

 Four months after we departed from Shirone.

 We've arrived at the "Red Dragon's Lower Jaw".

 We arrived in Asura Kingdom.

 And then, we came to realize.

 All things happen abruptly.

 Bad things happen at times when you're unable to predict or prevent them.

 Suddenly parents can die,

 Suddenly your siblings can come to beat you up,

 Suddenly a truck can come to hit you,

 Suddenly you can be reincarnated in another world,

 Suddenly your father can come to attack you and then force you into being a home teacher for a young lady,

 Suddenly you could be thrown to another continent as well.

 Most likely everything is a result of chance.

 Furthermore, we would come to realize.

 The severity of this world.

 The fact that people can simply die.

 The fact that any person anywhere can all too easily die.

 The fact that there are no exceptions.

 Only myself.

 Or the fact that only people in my surroundings aren't conveniently allowed to live long lives.

 Finally, at this late point.

 We finally came to realize this reality.

 The origin of the phenomenon known as death, the fact that a person nearby can suddenly disappear.

 And then foolishly.

 I was unable to connect that together with the truth at that time.

 If at that time, I had properly understood the truth, if I had been thinking of acquiring a strength that wouldn't lose to anyone.

 I may not have regretted it that much.

 If here with this event, I had aimed to be the strongest in the world.

 I may not have regretted it so much.

 Even after such a thing happened, I was unable to get my hands on the desire for power.

 There is just one thing that I can say.

 As expected of Eris.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
