Volume 6  10 — Gaping Hole Opened in the Chest

Volume 6 Chapter 10 - Gaping Hole Opened in the Chest

 

 Part 1

 Once I realized it, I'm in a white place.

 A pure white space.

 A space with nothing at all.

 Normally, I would be filled with a disgusting feeling here.

 The memories of my previous life are refreshed and I return to that familiar and unsightly 34 year old body.

 Regret, conflict, vulgarity, and dependency.

 The 12 years of my life start to fade almost like a dream, and my heart fills with dejection.

 I fall into a feeling like I've been watching a long dream.

 An irritation enough to tear it off fills my chest.

 However, limited to this time, it didn't happen.

 The usual degrading feelings didn't come rising to the surface.

 In exchange I had a feeling of loss, like a gaping hole was opened in my chest.

 After taking a look, my chest had an air hole opened in it.

 Ah, as I thought I died, didn't I…

 "Yo!"

 Suddenly I realized that Hitogami was standing there.

 As usual he had that irritating smile floating on his face.

 I don't know why, but today I didn't feel any irritation towards that.

 I wonder why.

 I wonder if it's because a gaping hole has opened up in my chest.

 Or because I decided before to stop being belligerent.

 …Well, it's fine.

 "Well, I guess, it was unfortunate wasn't it."

 Yeah, really, how unfortunate.

 "…Today you're in a different mood than usual. Are you alright? Are you feeling bad?"

 It's just as you can see, there's a hole opened up in my chest.

 …Hey, there's one thing I'd like to hear from you, but is it okay?

 "What is it?"

 That guy, it's about that Orsted guy.

 The instant he heard your name he started to attack me.

 What's up with that?

 "That guy is an Evil Dragon God after all, in regards to how I'm Virtuous, he recognizes me as an enemy."

 Virtue, I see.

 Well, you certainly are easy to consider as an enemy after all.

 However, in that case wouldn't it have been fine for you to tell me about it in advance?

 You, can see a variety of things, right?

 I'm sure you knew I would meet with Orsted there, right?

 If you had at least said one word about it, 'even if Orsted asks, don't let my name out', then even I would have…

 "No, sorry, actually I can't see things in regards to the [Dragon God]. I can't see his future or his present. I didn't know that you would meet him."

 Is that the case?

 Why?

 "Since that guy has that sort of curse on him."

 Curse.

 Is there that kind as well?

 "Yeah. Were there none in your world? From the time they're born there's some kind of abnormality in their magic power, and they end up as a child with some kind of strange ability."

 The concept of magic power doesn't even exist in my world after all.

 There are people with a strong supernatural sense or ones that call themselves that, but honestly, they're lacking in credibility.

 "Oh~, is that how it is. Over here, there are ones called Cursed Children, and there are some pretty strange ones. Orsted is one of those. Well, he also has another three or so curses as well."

 Four curses.

 That is quite amazing.

 Come to think of it, I think I've heard about it.

 Miko and Cursed Children was it?

 "That's right. It's the same sort of thing. Humans like to differentiate between them."

 I see.

 Then, what kind of curses does that guy have?

 "Look, Ruijerd and Eris were afraid of him, right? That is one of his curses. All manner of living beings in this world feel hate and fear towards him."

 It makes him hated by everyone, that is… how do I put it, kind of sucks.

 If it were me then my heart would quickly break.

 I understand the feelings of the side being hated.

 "Wait a second there, sympathy is unnecessary you know. Since the time he was born he was a bad guy that had planned to destroy the world you know."

 Well, don't say it like that.

 If you were to feel nothing but animosity from your surroundings, anyone would want to destroy one or two worlds.

 Even I in my previous life, held those kinds of thoughts.

 Everyone should just die, I would often complain on the World Wide Web.

 "Hnn, is it that sort of thing. I hate that guy as well, so I don't really want to understand though."

 Hn?

 Ah, does the curse have an influence on you as well?

 Being unable to see him, is the fault of that curse right?

 The curse to be hated and the curse that makes it so you can't see him and…

 What else?

 "Who knows, since I can't see him I don't really know well."

 I see…

 However, even more so if it's that sort of dangerous guy.

 I would have liked if you had told me beforehand that there were guys like that in this world.

 That was way too sudden so I was troubled.

 "Even I couldn't have possibly imagined that you would meet him. Who knows what the probability is of you walking around and meeting him in this vast world?"

 Well, I guess so…

 It's like finding a single grain of sesame seed in the desert.

 Come to think of it, I didn't feel neither hate nor fear towards that guy.

 Why is that?

 "Wouldn't that be because you came from another world?"

 People from another world are not influenced by the effects of a curse?

 "That does seem to be the case. It was the same during the time when you met Ruijerd right?"

 …Eh?

 Wait just a second, what do you mean?

 Does that mean Ruijerd is one of those Cursed Children as well?

 "No~, that is the Curse from the Spear of Laplace. Laplace possessed the "Curse of Fear" as well though, then he transferred that into a Spear, then that lead to blaming everything on the Superd race. They always do in regards to things that look like Emerald Green Hair that is."

 Curse?

 Blaming it on?

 Hey.

 What is that? What do you mean?

 You, did you know that from the start?

 Even though you knew that, you told me to assist him?

 Did you make me do something pointless?

 "No, don't be mistaken. The curse that was cast on the entirety of the Superd race is starting to disappear with the passage of time. Ruijerd himself still has a bit of the curse remaining, but thanks to the fact that he cut his hair it's rapidly started to fade."

 Hair, huh.

 Come to think of it, Sylphy was bullied as well, but it didn't feel like they were afraid of her…

 Why is it hair?

 Is it the origin of magic power or something?

 "It's because Laplace's hair was Green as well."

 Ah, I see now.

 My world has stuff like that as well.

 Things with a common likeness are used for their curse to cast it or remove it.

 "In any case, thanks to getting involved with you, the curse is about to disappear. There's still the firmly rooted discrimination remaining, but something can be done about that with the passage of time and Ruijerd's effort."

 In other words, it wasn't pointless is what you're trying to say?

 That's great…

 You are properly thinking about it as you act after all.

 "Well, perfectly restoring it would be difficult even so."

 Well, it is a difficult problem after all.

 However, I see…

 That is great.

 "Yeah, it is great isn't it? It means that it was worth it to bring you together with Ruijerd."

 Did you bring us together with that kind of reason?

 If that's the case if you had just said it then it would have been fine wouldn't it?

 "Didn't you have any intention of listening to my words at all in the start? I didn't have any allowance."

 …Well, that is true isn't it?

 I was being belligerent and rejecting it after all. Certainly.

 In any case, that Ruijerd as well, was defeated so easily by Orsted…

 I couldn't have imagined that he would be beaten that easily.

 "Well, that guy is probably impossible for Ruijerd after all."

 At any rate, he is one of the [Seven Great World Powers] after all.

 How can you win against him?

 "You can't win."

 Can't win, huh.

 As I thought is there just too big of a difference in real ability?

 "He is, you know, the strongest in this world. With his body being restricted by a number of curses that is."

 Oh?

 However, isn't the Dragon God number two on the seven great world powers?

 What about number one?

 "The Technique God is strong as well. However, if they were to fight seriously, the one to win would be Orsted. Orsted can use the techniques and arts of all living things in this world. Adding to that, he has the Dragon God's peculiar characteristic magic and he can even use his own original magic."

 All of the techniques and arts, huh.

 That would make him like a certain Last Savior of the Century then.

 "Oh~, is there something like that in your world as well?"

 He can copy all of the techniques opponents have used against him up until then.

 Although even if he doesn't use the techniques of his opponents he's still strong.

 With just a single fingertip to his opponents and they go poof.

 "With just a single fingertip huh. That's amazing. However, Orsted is amazing as well. If he gets serious, he can destroy this world."

 Is he that strong?

 The expression of strength seems to feel overshadowed.

 Abnormal? Natural disaster?

 "Though, thanks to a curse he can't get serious."

 Is that the case?

 Curses sure do seem troublesome.

 By the way, is it fine if I ask something?

 "What is it?'

 You know.

 You said just now that you didn't know about the curses.

 The curse that makes him hated and the curse that makes it so you can't see him.

 Even though you said you didn't know the others, how do you know he can't get serious?

 "…Ummm."

 Ah, actually it's fine.

 Since it's the last time, let's keep it friendly.

 Even if you're hiding something, I won't really feel bothered by it.

 I know that you were doing a courtesy for Ruijerd now after all.

 Just the other day as well, thanks to you I was able to save both Lilia and Aisha as well.

 If I take that into account, even if there are some lies mixed in some places, I won't be bothered over it.

 Even after this, the fact that you might have wanted me to do something as well, it's all become water under the bridge after all.

 Although in reality, there are various other things that I want to hear about.

 For example, why you pulled me towards the Great Demon Emperor?

 For example, where the other missing people are located?

 For example, in the first place what was your real objective?

 Even if I heard it at this point, it's all stuff that I can't help either way after all.

 Well, what is it.

 We're both companions in mutual mistakes, let's keep up with it being friendly.

 Let's forget about formalities and make some noise.

 Dancing naked and hidden talents are both okay, of course I won't be bothered by you expressing yourself as well.

 "Last?"

 Yeah, last.

 Isn't that the case?

 Since I died after all.

 "I see now, and then you've fallen into self-abandonment…It's completely reversed from the first time isn't it?"

 That time, I died while not knowing what was going on after all.

 This time is, well, it can't be helped.

 Besides, somehow or other, on the verge of death, I had the feeling that I knew I would end up coming here after all.

 I don't know where people go when they die, but I thought you would come to talk to me on the verge of death.

 And my consciousness is starting to fade.

 It seems like it's about time for us to part.

 I'm glad I was able to talk to you with a calm feeling for the last time.

 "Is that so? Then, I have good news for you."

 Hn?

 "You aren't dead."

 After I realized it, the hole in my chest had disappeared.

 Part 2

 Suddenly, I woke up.

 Eris was nearby.

 In front of my eyes.

 I was lying down looking up at Eris.

 I quickly realized that it was a lap pillow.

 Eris was looking at my face with a worried expression like she saw something that she didn't want to see, when I opened my eyes she made a relieved face.

 Her eyes were bloodshot.

 "Ru-rudeus…have you woken up!?"

 "U…ge…ha!!"

 When I went to say something I spit up blood.

 "Rudeus!"

 Eris embraced me.

 "[Cough]…[Cough]…!!"

 I continued to vomit blood and violently choked on it.

 Eris was caressing my back.

 "…Are you all right?"

 I looked at Eris's perplexed expression, I tilted my head.

 "Why… am I alive?"

 The wound on my chest had completely healed.

 Completely would be a faulty expression.

 There was still a large hole opened in the center of my robe, and there was a scar almost as if it was welded together on the skin that could be seen under it.

 Well now, it's rather odd.

 Even though my right hand is not a parasite, it's just a lover.

 "Just now, that woman said something, then that one called Orsted or whatever healed you using healing magic."

 Eris answered me while confused herself, with a question she had to me in response to my genuine doubt.

 "Woman?"

 "The one called Nanahoshi."

 Nanahoshi.

 That girl huh.

 Come to think of it, she was called that wasn't she?

 However, Nanahoshi, I have the feeling I've heard it somewhere.

 Also, it was even this past year or so.

 Where was it again, I can't remember.

 "Does that mean they especially went out of their way to heal the opponent they killed?"

 I wonder what they were thinking.

 However, I was certain he had pierced my heart.

 Damage to vital internal organs can't be healed with intermediate healing magic.

 In other words it must have been Advanced, or even higher.

 Orsted used healing magic that healed fatal level wounds in an instant.

 It might not necessarily be a lie when Hitogami said that he can use all of the techniques and arts in this world.

 "It was utter defeat…"

 When you say the class is different, it must mean something like that.

 Second of the [Seven Great World Powers].

 And, according to what the Hitogami said, the strongest in the world.

 Either way, it's not just for show.

 Ruijerd, Eris, and I as well were all taken out.

 Taken out with effort to spare.

 Moreover, it seems that he was never serious from the start.

 "How is Ruijerd?"

 "He still hasn't woken up yet." 

 After looking, Ruijerd is laying on the side of the road.

 The carriage as well was brought to the side of the road, and a bonfire was started.

 Did Eris do it all herself?

 "It's the first time I've seen Ruijerd laying horizontally."

 "Rudeus don't talk yet. You were just spitting up blood."

 "I'm already fine. It was just the portion that was remaining in my throat."

 Even while saying that, I didn't move from Eris' lap.

 I don't want to move.

 I want to stay here forever.

 If I were to turn over right now, I wonder if she would hit me in objection.

 Only those sorts of things were floating into my head.

 I wonder if they're survival instincts coming out.

 When people are about to die it seems they feel like leaving offspring after all…

 I can't really tell for sure though.

 Yeah, it's already fine.

 I'll go with not thinking about anything difficult.

 I'll continue lying down.

 "Living is so wonderful."

 While saying that I turned my body around, and embraced Eris' hips.

 I took a deep breath, and I have a feeling that I caught on to a somehow bittersweet scent.

 "Rudeus…it seems you're considerably healthy."

 "Hn? Somehow, you know, I feel like a variety of things are overflowing."

 More than usual even.

 I'm sure it's because of that man known as Orsted.

 Or else, maybe it's because I saw the dream with Hitogami.

 I'll say it once more, but I don't really have the feeling that I wandered the boundary between life and death.

 However, it wasn't a mistake that I feel more energetic when I woke up.

 "Then, will you be all right even if I hit you?"

 Eris' trembling voice came out.

 Great anger it seems.

 Well, it can't be helped.

 Even though she was worried about me, I suddenly sexually harassed her after all.

 Even I would get angry, that is…

 "Indeed it is."

 I was hit.

 Lightly with a bop.

 And then, I was pulled in and had my head embraced.

 I could feel the soft sensation of Eris' chest on my cheek.

 Deeper inside the beating of her heart and from above the quiet sobbing as well.

 "…U…gusu…"

 Eris cried.

 She quietly cried.

 "I'm glad…"

 Eris whispered that.

 I was exhausted so I patted her back.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
