Volume 6  11 — End of the Journey

Volume 6 Chapter 11 - End of the Journey

 

 Part 1

 After that three days passed.

 And then we entered the Asura Kingdom.

 The place of our objective is already imminent.

 It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say we've already arrived.

 Even though that's the case the expressions in the party aren't clearing up.

 The incident that just happened the other day cooled things down a lot I'm sure.

 The gap between the bright expressions of the people passing by us on the road is intense.

 It was complete defeat after all.

 We were all too quickly annihilated, I even had my life stolen.

 I don't know what kind of whim it was, but he especially went out of the way to revive me.

 If it weren't for that, I wouldn't be in this world.

 In my regards I can't really feel the reality of it.

 It's something mysterious to even me, but that time I wasn't really feeling very much fear.

 The instant he dealt the final blow, I certainly thought that I didn't want to die.

 I thought it wouldn't be strange for it to end up as a trauma.

 Even though that's the case, by the time I had woken up, for some reason I was completely refreshed…

 That's not really the correct way of putting it, but [Ah, a dream huh.] I had that sort of feeling.

 The same sensation as when you see a nightmare.

 Is it because the sensation when I was on the verge of death is connected with that dream, though it felt like everything was a dream it could have been that kind of feeling.

 After thinking that, I considered that the Hitogami might have planned that and interrupted my consciousness at that moment.

 Honestly, there's an unbearable feeling like I was instinctively denying it as well, but it seems like he was also thinking about Ruijerd, so it might be that he's not actually all that bad of a guy.

 Part 2

 Ever since I was on the verge of death, the distance between Eris has felt somehow really close.

 Previously when we were sitting in the carriage, there was more of a slanted feel to how we would stand,

 "It's balance training, why don't you try it as well Rudeus?"

 Is how she said it, but recently it's become sitting.

 Right by my side.

 With a distance where her thighs were glued to mine.

 After getting to that distance, there were various things that came into my sight.

 For example this is about a certain day.

 I could peek in at the skin from the hem of Eris's pants and clothes.

 And then after peeking at such a thing, the human heart wants to unintentionally caress such a thing.

 Since that's the case I just unintentionally caressed with my right hand to see, then I get glared at with a bright red face.

 Here as expected, even I was hesitating a bit.

 That's right, she won't hit me.

 Eris won't hit me.

 Everything I've done until now that she would hit me for, but now she won't hit me anymore.

 She just glares at me with her face bright red.

 Just staring at me like that.

 Moreover, unchanged as always Eris continues to sit down as if she's stuck to me again.

 Until now if I had made such actions then she would have pulled back a certain distance.

 However, our current distance has remained close.

 Being serious though, I'm starting to feel like I want to just stick my hand straight into her pants, so I'd like for her to separate for a bit around now.

 I know there are things that you can finish with a laugh and ones you can't just laugh off.

 And even I understand that I want to do the things that can't just be laughed off.

 I'm enduring it.

 Unknown to that kind of conflict within me, Eris' distance is close.

 "…"

 If I were to let my hand do as it pleases then it ends up stretching out in the direction of Eris.

 Therefore.

 Currently, I've started the operation where I'm creating magic with my left hand and then using my right hand to disturb that magic power.

 It's the magic Orsted used.

 If I remember correctly it was called, "Ran Ma" [Disturb Magic].

 Just before the magic power that comes out of my hand takes shape, I use a different magic power to interfere with it and cause it to scatter.

 It's simple and it consumes a very small amount of magic power, but it's an amazing technique.

 After thinking about it, the King Class Barrier used a similar method to nullify magic.

 It's simple to say it in words, but it's actually considerably difficult to put it into practice.

 I wonder if it's because I'm trying to use the magic with my left hand.

 More often than not the magic fails to take shape.

 In order to completely nullify it like Orsted did, it must take a considerable amount of practice.

 However, even just this much should work as a restraint.

 No, he really taught me something good.

 "Hey Rudeus, what have you been doing since just now?"

 "I'm trying to imitate the magic that Orsted used."

 After saying that Eris fixed her gaze on my hand.

 In my left hand a small warped rock part was created and then suddenly fell to the ground.

 Another failure.

 It feels kind of like trying to play rock, paper and scissors with both hands.

 I always end up allowing my right hand to win.

 I can't just do whatever is relevant.

 Most likely, there's some sort of rule for the magic power to operate along or else it won't work.

 Yeah.

 The fact that whatever works, won't work means there's some sort of rule at work during the time it's being disturbed.

 Then, if I were to take into consideration the rule when I release the magic power, in reverse would I be able to nullify [Magic Disturber] as well I wonder?

 The dream is spreading out.

 "What kind of magic is it?"

 "It's magic that nullifies magic."

 "Can you do such a thing?"

 "That's what the purpose of this practice is for."

 "How do you know about something like that?"

 "Since there have been a number of cases where my magic has been sealed and I've been unable to do anything recently, I'm researching it after all. Well, in the case that we end up meeting Orsted and have to fight again, don't you want to at least be able to run away?"

 Eris was at a loss for words after hearing that, she just kept silent.

 After a short while, the sound of the rocks falling and rolling around continued.

 "Hey, why is Rudeus that strong?"

 Eris was silent for a long time, but suddenly she came out asking that.

 I wonder if I'm strong.

 No, there's no way that can be the case.

 I'm not bragging, but these past few years, I haven't felt the reality of my own strength at all.

 It was an everyday life with nothing but powerlessness.

 "I think Eris is the strong one though?"

 "That's not the case."

 "…"

 "…"

 There the conversation paused.

 Eris seemed to want to say something, but she kept silent since it seemed difficult to say.

 I wonder what it is.

 I don't know.

 No, it isn't that I don't know.

 "Are you still bothered by the fact that we were beaten so easily the other day?"

 "…Yeah."

 I'm sure that can't be helped.

 Just as Hitogami said, that guy is the strongest in the world, Dragon God-sama.

 Even that Ruijerd was lightly dealt with.

 The opponent was bad.

 In this world, there exists a domain that can't be reached through just hard work.

 In my previous life, I tried a variety of things, and I was able to reach a reasonably high level in some of them, but I never even once was able to reach the highest level.

 Playing a game, if it was this then I thought I could be unbeatable, but there are always those who can go above you.

 It seems that Orsted is impeded by a number of restrictions as well.

 Even with that in terms of physical techniques he exceeded Ruijerd, he dealt with Eris with one hand, and completely rendered me powerless.

 Furthermore, he fought and defeated us in such a way that the greatest amount of damage to our HP would accurately be hit.

 It seemed he still had plenty of spare energy remaining as well.

 I have no idea how strong he would be if he got serious.

 It seems he can't become serious because of the curse, but…

 Even if he doesn't get serious, you can't win against that guy.

 Most likely, no matter how much effort you put in you'll never win.

 "The opponent was bad, that can't really be helped."

 "…But."

 I understand Eris' worried feelings.

 At any rate, Eris was defeated in a single blow after all.

 He just caught her sword and just like that she was blown away.

 "Eris is still young, depending on your effort you can still become stronger."

 "I wonder if that's true."

 "Yeah, Ghyslaine and Ruijerd both said it didn't they?"

 Eris suddenly raised her face.

 She was looking straight at me.

 "Rudeus was about to die you know? How can you be that… how can you say it so simply?"

 That is… because the feeling doesn't really remain very much.

 I'm not thinking about fighting at all.

 The next time I see that guy's face, I'm running away like a rocket.

 Or else like a mouse, hiding in the shadow of something.

 If I can't run away then this time I might beg for my life.

 If my wish can be granted, I really hope Eris doesn't have to see that spectacle.

 However, putting that pathetic intention into words is embarrassing.

 "Since I don't want to die next time."

 "…That's right, you don't want to die right."

 "Please feel relieved. Even if Eris gets into a dangerous situation, I'll make sure I can at least escape holding on to you."

 Eris made a complicated face and placed her head on my shoulder.

 If I were to caress her head here right now, I thought it might end up happening, but my right hand is currently in the middle of [Disturb Magic].

 "Well, in any case, it won't be good if I don't get a bit stronger."

 A bit more.

 That's right, a bit more.

 As expected, I won't be able to become the strongest in this world.

 The ceiling of this world is way too high.

 I couldn't even become the best in the world in my previous life.

 Without even a glimpse of that talent, even the means of my effort was incompetent.

 I don't know how much talent I have in regards to this world, but it doesn't seem like I can believe in something so simple about myself and be devoted to it.

 However, I want to at least be able to run away if I end up running into some kind of weird guy and suddenly get attacked.

 I buried my face in Eris' hair, [Sniff] [Sniff], while smelling the scent, I was thinking about that.

 Part 3

 After it became night and Eris fell asleep, I started a conversation with Ruijerd.

 Since that day, the number of things he was saying had decreased even more than usual.

 He was never all that talkative in the first place, but became completely sullen and silent.

 It seems he's bothered over that time.

 He's a man with a strong sense of responsibility after all.

 Even though he promised to escort us home safely, he might think he wasn't able to protect that.

 It's stupid.

 Even though it was rough luck, I'm as healthy as I look.

 "That man known as Orsted was the Dragon God it seems. The second of the [Seven Great World Powers]."

 First I entered using those words as a jab.

 It can't be helped since the opponent was strong.

 While holding onto that sort of nuance.

 "I see, that does explain it…"

 "He sure was strong wasn't he, after that, I was done in without being able to do a thing as well."

 "The last time I realized with a glance that I had no chance of winning hasn't been since the time of Laplace."

 According to Hitogami, it seems that Orsted is stronger than Laplace.

 It seems even including the fact that he's under restrictions that won't let him become serious…

 There's no point in telling Ruijerd about that.

 He was dealt with using just physical techniques while being taken down easily.

 That fact might have been a shock to Ruijerd.

 Is what I thought, but,

 "Even I never thought I would stand a chance against the upper ranks of the [Seven Great World Powers]. Those guys are true monsters that are beyond comprehension. I can't call it anything but bad luck that we would run into a guy like that just walking along the side of the road. And then I can't call it anything but good luck that we managed to survive. Rudeus if you ever meet a guy like that again, never pick a fight with them. There's no way to match them. If you don't want it to end up like this time at least."

 "Yeah. Well, next time I'll probably avoid eye contact and pass through."

 I was scolded by him.

 Well, if I hadn't called out to him then it would have ended with nothing but passing by one another after all.

 Let's go with reflecting on that.

 Although, from the start he really didn't look like that much of a dangerous guy to me…

 No, Ruijerd and Eris were showing that much of a reaction, I should have been more cautious.

 "Then, what are you worrying about?"

 After asking Ruijerd looked over at me.

 "What is Hitogami?"

 Oh. That matter.

 "That guy had intended to overlook us at first. Even while scattering his blood thirst, he wasn't even taking us into consideration. However, the moment the name Hitogami came out of his mouth, his blood thirst was entirely focused on you."

 I closed my eyes.

 Should I tell him, or should I not.

 I think I used to have the answer decided but…

 It seems that despite how he looks the Hitogami isn't all that bad of a guy, even after such a thing happened I'm still hiding it.

 It is also true that I don't like that fact.

 Since that's the case, I decided to tell him.

 "Actually, Hitogami is…"

 Even though I worried about it that much, after I made a decision it quickly came out.

 And then my mouth smoothly moved.

 The fact that since the time of the teleport incident, an unknown individual calling himself Hitogami has occasionally appeared in my dreams.

 The fact that individual gave me advice to help Ruijerd.

 The fact that more than that he granted me a variety of other pieces of advice.

 The fact that many of my strange actions were due to following those advices.

 And then, the fact that Hitogami and Dragon God have a relationship of hostility.

 My conversations with Hitogami are hazy and I think there were many things I was forgetting.

 However, I think I conveyed all of the general parts.

 "Hitogami and Dragon God… The seven gods of the ancient times huh… It's suddenly turned into an unbelievable story."

 "I'm sure."

 "However, there are parts which I can understand."

 After saying that Ruijerd went silent.

 Only the sound of the fire wood crackling away ruled the place.

 The shadow created by the fire swayed from side to side, a single older warrior's face came to mind.

 Thanks to his race Ruijerd looks young, but that expression has something that shows of its long history.

 Suddenly, I remembered touching on the matter of the curse about Ruijerd in my last dream.

 "Come to think of it, Ruijerd-san. It's about the dishonor of the Superd race, but it seems that was a curse."

 "…What?"

 "Putting it precisely, Laplace transferred his own curse into a spear and then had those spears given out to the entirety of your race…that sort of thing it seems."

 "I see… a curse…"

 I intended to bring it up as good news, but Ruijerd continued to think about it even more with a gloomy face.

 "I had never heard about him transferring the curse, but if it's Laplace then it's possible. That guy was a man who could do anything after all."

 I'm not really sure on the details, but I'd imagine Ruijerd would be more familiar with things regarding curses.

 It seems like he thought about a variety of things for a short while, but finally he laughed weakly.

 "If it's a curse then there's no method to remove it."

 "Is that the case?"

 "Yeah. Curses are curses because there's no method to remove them."

 So there's no method to remove curses, huh.

 "I've never heard about curses placed on the entirety of a race but… If it's something that god said, it might be the truth."

 I laughed in self-derision, that I might have said something pointless.

 I thought it was just the light, but I slightly saw tears welling up in the edges of the eyes.

 "But."

 "What is it?"

 "The Human God said that the curse in the spear was different than normal, it seems it was about to disappear after the passage of time."

 "What?"

 "He said that the remaining curse is in Ruijerd himself, thanks to cutting your hair it's started to rapidly fade."

 "Really!"

 Ruijerd suddenly said that in a large voice.

 Eris moved a bit and raised her voice with a "Hnn…"

 I wonder if it would have been better to let her hear this conversation as well…

 Well, it's fine if I tell her when she wakes up.

 "Yeah. It seems that it's just the remains of the curse now and the prejudice received from the start of the curse supposedly. Depending on the effort Ruijerd-san puts into it from here on out, the popularity of the Superd race can slowly recover."

 "I see… I get it, so that was how it was."

 "However, it's something Hitogami said, I think we can believe what he says to some extent, but it's better not to swallow the story whole. It's better to keep going with caution just like up until now."

 "I understand. However, it's plenty for me just hearing that."

 Ruijerd went silent.

 It wasn't just the light playing tricks on me anymore.

 Ruijerd let tears flow.

 "Then, it's about time for me to sleep."

 "Yeah."

 I decided to pretend as if I hadn't seen those tears.

 The Ruijerd-san that we rely on is a strong man who would never let tears flow.

 Part 4

 And then one month after that.

 We were aiming straight north.

 Rather than going in the direction of the capital, we travelled further north along a thin road.

 We moved from point to point along small rural villages, continuing north with fields of wheat, water wheels, and small huts along the sides.

 We never even bothered collecting information.

 With the fastest speed possible, we aimed north.

 I thought we would understand all of the information once we arrived at the refugee camp.

 However, more than that, it's just a bit more, the thought that I wanted to hurry and arrive.

 We arrived in the Fedoa region.

 We came to know there was nothing left.

 No, we had already known about this matter.

 Just, in that place which there used to be something, there was now nothing.

 The field of wheat, the flower garden of Batirusu, the water wheel shed, as well as the livestock sheds it was all gone.

 It was just a grass-covered plain spreading out.

 A vast, vast grassland.

 While holding a sense of loneliness from that spectacle, we arrived at what you could call the only current town in Fedoa region.

 We arrived at the refugee camp.

 The land of our final objective.

 Just a few steps before the entrance of that place, Ruijerd stopped the carriage.

 "Hn? What's wrong?"

 Ruijerd descended from the driver's seat.

 I looked over the surroundings wondering if a monster had appeared, no shadows of an enemy.

 Ruijerd walked around to the back of the carriage and said it.

 "I'll be taking my leave here."

 "Eh!!"

 The words that were suddenly declared.

 I raised my voice in surprise.

 Eris' eyes were opened wide as well.

 "Wai-wait just a minute."

 We got off the carriage as if we were about to fall over and went to face Ruijerd.

 Isn't this too fast?

 We only just arrived at the refugee camp.

 No, we haven't even arrived yet we're just standing outside of it.

 "At the very least how about taking it easy for one day or so, No, at least come together with us into the town?"

 "That's right, after all…"

 "There's no need."

 Ruijerd looked at us with those blunt words.

 "There's no need for a warrior here. There's no need for protection."

 "…"

 Eris went silent in response to those words.

 Honestly.

 I might have forgotten about it a bit.

 Ruijerd came along only just to see us up to our hometown.

 Now that the objective has been completed, it's only natural for us to separate.

 Even though I thought we would be together forever.

 "Ruijerd-san…"

 After opening my mouth I hesitated.

 If I try to detain him, will he stay I wonder…

 No, after re-thinking it, I have brought a heavy amount of troubles onto this man.

 There were certainly plenty of times where I have troubled him, but the times when I showed him my shameful parts were common.

 Even though that's the case, he recognized me as a Warrior.

 I don't think I can depend on him anymore than this.

 "If it weren't for Ruijerd-san, I'm sure we wouldn't have been able to make it here in three years."

 "No, if it was you then it should have been possible."

 "There's no way that's the case. Since there are places where I'm lacking, I think I would have stumbled somewhere."

 "As long as you can say that you'll be all right."

 There were quite a few situations where I had no solution.

 For example, the time when I was captured in Shirone, if it hadn't been for the existence of Ruijerd, I would have panicked more, I'm sure I would have been more distracted.

 "…Rudeus, I said it once before, but."

 Ruijerd looked over me with an even more peaceful face than usual.

 "You've already accomplished yourself as a magician. Even though you possess that much talent you haven't grown arrogant. You should hold self-awareness that you were able to do that much at such a young age."

 I received those words with complicated feelings.

 Even if you say youth, the age of my experiences has already gone over 40 years.

 The reason I haven't grown arrogant is because I still have memories of that time.

 However, even if I said it's 40 years, if I look at it in comparison to Ruijerd's age, then it would enter into the category of young.

 "I…"

 Here is where I should I have started to talk about my bad portions.

 However, I had a feeling that would have been just too shameful.

 In front of this man, I want to stand a bit tall.

 "No, I understand. Ruijerd-san, we've really depended on you quite a bit until now."

 After saying that and lowering my head, I was caught and stopped.

 "Rudeus don't lower your head to me."

 "…Why?"

 "You might think you've been depending on me, but I think I've been depending on you. Thanks to you, I have the feeling I've been able to see hope for the recovery of my family's honor."

 "I haven't done anything at all. I couldn't really do much at all."

 In regards to the Magic Continent, I think we did end up making the name Dead End into something agreeable, but that was limited to just the framework of Adventurers.

 Since our established reputation couldn't be used in the Milis Continent, while I was thinking about different methods to approach it, it just kept being put off.

 In the end, since the time we came to Central Continent, we haven't done anything.

 Up until now, I feel that the influence has started to come around a bit.

 However, that is limited to just a bit.

 Putting aside the largely remaining history of persecution in the world and of course the prejudice towards the Superd race, we weren't able to do anything.

 "No, you were able to achieve a variety of things. You were able to teach someone like me who only knows how to honestly save children that a variety of methods exist."

 "However, all of them had weak effects."

 "However, it certainly has changed. I remember everything. According to your scheme in the Town of Rikarisu, the words of the old woman who said she didn't fear the Superd race. The happy faces of the adventurers who laughed without fear after hearing the name Dead End. The closeness to the Dedorudia race warriors who came to recognize us even after hearing the name Superd race. The Shirone soldiers who thanked me in tears after being reunited with their families."

 Putting aside the first two, the two after were all Ruijerd giving it his best effort.

 I haven't done anything.

 "…That is Ruijerd-san, your own power."

 "No. I couldn't do anything myself. It's been 400 years since the war, I moved around alone and I wasn't able to advance even one step forward. The one who allowed me to take that step forward was you, Rudeus."

 "…However, that was always under the advice of Hitogami."

 "Things about a god that I've never seen don't matter at all. The one who actually saved me was you. I don't know what you think, but I feel a debt of gratitude towards you. Therefore, don't lower your head, you and I are equal, rather than thanking, look with your eyes."

 While saying that Ruijerd faced me and held out his hand.

 While I was looking him in the eyes.

 Without averting my eyes from there I grabbed his hand.

 "I'll say it once more. Rudeus, thanks for the assistance"

 "We as well, thank for the assistance."

 While tightly holding onto his hand, the strength of Ruijerd was conveyed.

 The inner corners of my eyes got hot.

 This shameful I, this I who made nothing but mistakes, Ruijerd recognized me.

 After a short while, we quietly released our hands.

 That hand moved to the side and was placed on top of Eris' head.

 "Eris."

 "…What is it?"

 "Is it fine if I treat you like a child in the end?"

 "It's fine, really."

 Eris bluntly responded.

 Ruijerd lightly smiled and caressed Eris' head.

 "Eris, you have talent. You should have enough talent to become far stronger than me."

 "That's a lie, after all… That guy…"

 Eris linked her lips together in a frown and made a sullen face.

 Ruijerd suddenly laughed a bit, normally, he would have said words about training.

 "You fought against someone with the name of God, and received their technique. The meaning of that…"

 Understood?

 Eris was definitely glaring at Ruijerd.

 Before long, she opened her eyes wide.

 "…I understand."

 "Alright, good girl."

 Ruijerd patted Eris' head and then removed his hand.

 Eris continued with her lips shaped in a frown and grasped her fist tightly.

 It looked like she was on the verge of crying but desperately tried to endure it.

 I asked Ruijerd without taking my eyes off her.

 "Ruijerd-san, what are you going to do from here on out?"

 "I don't know, I intend to search around for survivors of the Superd race in Central Continent for a short while. If it's just me alone, then recovering the honor is just a dream within a dream after all."

 "I see, please give it your best. If I have any spare time, I'll try playing some kind of hand."

 "…fu…Then I as well, if I have spare time I'll look for your mother."

 Ruijerd said that while facing me.

 Preparations for a journey are unnecessary for him.

 He can live and walk on with just the clothes on his back.

 However, he suddenly stopped.

 "Come to think of it, I still needed to return this."

 While saying that, Ruijerd took off the pendant that was hanging around his neck.

 The pendant I received from Roxy.

 The Migurd race pendant.

 It was the only item that connected Roxy and I.

 "That is, Ruijerd-san please hold onto it."

 "Is it fine? Isn't it a precious item?"

 "It's because it's a precious item."

 After saying that, Ruijerd nodded silently.

 It seems like he'll accept it.

 "Well then, Rudeus, Eris… Let's meet again."

 While saying that Ruijerd left us.

 The time when he decided to come along with us, he talked about all sorts of things, but during the time he leaves, it's in an instant.

 I had a lot of things I wanted to say.

 Meeting in Magic Continent and coming together with us to the Asura Kingdom.

 Really a lot of things happened.

 Enough that you can't even put it into words, a lot of things, a lot of feelings…

 The feelings towards an ally who I don't want to part with.

 "Let's meet again."

 I summarized those feelings with just those words and watched Ruijerd's back disappear into the distance.

 That's right, it's fine if we meet again.

 I'm sure we'll meet again.

 As long as we're both alive, definitely.

 Eris and I watched Ruijerd's figure until we could no longer see him.

 Just quietly, packed together with our thanks until now.

 ---

 Just like this, our journey came to an end.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
