Volume 7  3 — Entrance Examination

Volume 7 Chapter 3 - Entrance Examination

 

 Part 1

 Ranoa Kingdom.

 The largest country in the Northern Lands of the Central Continent.

 Though it's the largest, the current national power is around the same level as Shirone Kingdom.

 However it is intimately allied with Neris and Basherant kingdoms by way of the Magic Guild.

 If you put the combined power of all three countries together, even though they are located in the pitiable northern lands, they can be considered to be the world's hidden fourth strongest power.

 Ranoa, Basherant and Neris.

 Together, these three countries make up the power known as [Magic Triumvirate].

 Why is it the 『Magic』 Triumvirate?

 Is it because the Magic Guild Headquarters is located here?

 That's one reason.

 However, the best reason is that these three countries lay a great emphasis on the study and further research of the magical arts.

 Without regards for expense, the most magically talented and capable people are gathered with the aim of advancing magical knowledge.

 This point alone was why there was an alliance between these countries.

 And so, this big city came to be on the edges of each nation's shared border.

 The city of magic 『Shari'a』

 This city boasts the 『Ranoa Magic Academy』 『Magic Guild Headquarters』 『Neris Magical Tool Atelier』, and into these three locations, everything there is to know about magic was condensed and stored.

 The heart of the 　『Magic Triumvirate』

 It wouldn't be wrong to call it the most prosperous city.

 When the Magic City Sharia is seen from above,

 at the center is the Magic guild, constructed with the latest in magic-proof bricking, and towards the East is the student town centered around the Magic Academy.

 Towards the West is the crafting town centered around the Magic Tool Atelier.

 In the North is the Shopping District run by the Commerce Guild.

 And in the South is the Adventurer's Post, a small town that welcomes in adventurers.

 If looked at with a discerning eye, certain aspects of Milishon seem to be have been used as a reference for this city's design.

 At least when I saw a map, I realized it at once.

 Even though I can only talk about what I've already came across.

 Elinalise and I stayed in a hotel in the Adventurer's Post town.

 When she is cold, she will crawl into the bed.

 And while she is sleeping defenselessly in front of me, I want to take advantage of her.

 If I touch her though, I'll just get depressed.

 So I made sure to choose an A-rank hotel that was fully equipped with a heater.

 Elinalise had no complaints about it either.

 I seemed to have learned along our trip out here that she has a certain reason for doing the things she does with men.

 On our way here, we got sidetracked off course for a week until we arrived at the next town.

 Her physical condition was the worst I've ever seen, and the look she had was on the level of a lusty predator.

 Even if she looked at me like that, it was hopeless, because even if I was up to the task, I wasn't UP to the task.

 Hearing about it in detail, it seems to be some kind of Curse.

 It is the Curse of Promiscuity, if she doesn't couple with a man on a regular basis, she will die.

 Seeing it spelled out like that evokes a strong feeling.

 However, Elinalise doesn't seem to have any real distress over this matter.

 It seems she is naturally prone to being erotic as it is.

 Even if there was no curse, she said there wouldn't be much of a change in her lifestyle.

 I can definitely say that I can get along well with someone who has an affliction like this.

 [Now then, I will be off to pay my respect to Jinas-san. What is Elinalise-san going to be doing?]

 [Of course I am also coming with you.]

 […Why?]

 Surely I thought Elinalise was going to be man-fishing at the Adventurer's Guild.

 [Even if it's difficult, I too want to try enrolling at the Magic Academy.]

 […Why? Are you interested in learning magic?]

 [Not at all, I am interested in boys who happen to be about Rudeus' age.]

 [Ah, I see.]

 In other words, business as usual.

 Because it's an academy, of course there would be children my age there.

 Though I don't know the laws of this country, are there any laws protecting minors from being caught by her?

 …Then again, it’s not like it's a bad thing to get caught sometimes.

 I feel myself getting a bit hazy on that topic.

 It's not something I need to worry about anyways.

 [However, doesn’t the normal enrollment require a rather expensive tuition?]

 [That is not a problem for me, I happen to possess quite the sum of money.]

 Elinalise said merrily, as she slaps the pouch of coins she has.

 The total amount of money contained in there is more than 5 Asura gold coins worth.

 There are also many magical crystals in the backpack she carried as well.

 She showed me once a magical crystal she owned, it was a beautiful golden sphere and looked very much like a Superball.

 If it was sold, the price would be in excess of 10 Asura Gold Coins.

 I wonder where she had obtained it?

 Although as an adventurer, she is primarily a Labyrinth Explorer.

 I figured that she must have walked away with that as some kind of alternate compensation for doing a job.

 Entrance to the Academy does cost money.

 However, money doesn't concern her.

 Although her reason for entering is impure, I can't complain.

 I had no real reason to stop her anyway.

 [So then, shall we go?]

 And so, we pointed our feet in the direction of the Magic Academy.

 Part 2

 Ranoa Magic Academy boasts quite the gigantic school-grounds.

 This vast area was fashioned mostly with brickwork, buildings composed of various bricking styles fashioned the sides of the ridged pathway, leading directly to the central building which looked like a castle.

 Upon first seeing it from far away, it looks like it could have been used as a fortress.

 The best image I could use to describe it is Tsukuba Daigaku.

 Maybe not though, I've never actually seen a photograph of Tsukuba Daigaku before.

 For now, I showed the letter I had received to the guard at the gate of the school.

 [Excuse me, I appear to have received this letter…]

 The guard took a look at the letter, and gave me an understanding nod.

 [Do you know where the Administrative Building is?]

 [I'm sorry, I do not know yet.]

 [Alright then, From here go straight, it'll be to the right of the statue of the Academy's Founder. The building with the blue roof. Just hand this letter to the receptionist there, and she'll take care of the rest for you.]

 [I see, thank you very much for your help.]

 In no time, I already noticed Elinalise-san making eyes at the guard, so I responsibly pulled her by the ear along with me.

 Indeed, straight ahead of us was the statue of the Academy Founder.

 Lining both sides of the road, there are withered trees.

 If spring were to come, would Sakura bloom here?

 I doubt that this world even has Sakura trees.

 Towering 3 meters higher than the largest of the withered trees here, was a brick wall.

 Even if facing an attack by many people, a wall archer would probably say something like [Take 'em on!]

 [All the buildings here are made from Magic-proof brick, it seems.]

 [Hmm…]

 As Elinalise muttered that, I examined the wall closely.

 As for what the Magic-proof bricks are,

 As the name implies, it is a brick that has a high tolerance for magical power.

 It seems that it would be able to withstand an attack by certain large-scale attack magics.

 I wonder how much tolerance there is though?

 I kind of want to fire a shot and confirm it that way.

 I probably shouldn't though.

 I heard that the Magic Guild has a monopoly on manufacturing and sales regarding it.

 In Asura Kingdom, it's so expensive to get that it's only being used in the Castle town.

 I didn't even see any in the Dragon King Country or Milis for that matter.

 However, it's quite prevalent in the lands of the Magic Triumvirate.

 Though the manufacturing process is strictly confidential, the raw material costs might not be that high.

 Coming through the brick passage, the road opens up into a large plaza.

 The road forks into three paths from here.

 At the center is the statue of a woman wearing a robe.

 『Ranoa Magic Academy, First Principal - Frau Claudia. Fifty-Sixth Generational Head of the Magic Guild.』。

 Such was written on a plate affixed to the statue.

 It seems this is the statue of the first principal.

 The walls of brick taper off here.

 On the road in front of us, a huge group of school buildings look like a fortress.

 It seems I can only fit about 6 buildings in my scope of vision.

 Suddenly, from a place near the side of the school building that looked like an activities field, a large flame erupted into the air.

 Is class in session I wonder?

 To the left, there are a number of red-roofed buildings.

 This is also a gargantuan building, with many windows, and an attached veranda.

 I wonder, if in the student dorms, if the veranda is where you put the laundry out to dry…?

 Now then.

 The blue roofs are on the right, and the red roofs are on the left.

 Because I am not a Sylvanian Family I went to the right.

 [Somehow, I'm getting more excited the closer we get.]

 Elinalise cheerily spoke

 [Really?]

 [But, that's because it's such a big building!]

 What's made this b*tch suddenly start acting like this?

 So I thought about it for a moment.

 It seems that Adventurers don't usually have any business heading into large buildings like this.

 At most, the largest building they will visit is that of the Adventurer's Guild.

 So the opportunities to see such a huge building are few if any.

 [So, Elinalise-san, what's the largest building you've ever entered up until now?]

 [Of course it would have to be the Milishon Adventurer's Guild!]

 [Ho~, That was a rather large building wasn't it?]

 I have also visited the Milishon Adventurer's Guild before.

 It was certainly a wonderful place.

 But it wasn't surprising to me who has seen far bigger buildings in my previous life.

 [What a dull boy you are. The first time I saw the Milishon Adventurer's Guild, I was so excited seeing it that I was unintentionally clinging on to Paul… Tch, Now why did you have to make me go and remember a thing like that.]

 Elinalise-san grumbled, then made an unpleasant face by herself.

 She really dislikes Paul.

 To the woman who self-proclaims that any man is satisfactory… when it comes to Paul…

 Just what the hell did you do Paul?

 I wonder how many years it has been since Paul and Elinalise separated?

 I'm 15 years old now, so it surely has to be longer than that.

 [Pardon me for asking, but how old is Elinalise-san?]

 [Ara ara, you know it's not nice to ask a lady her age.]

 [For the record, I'll be 50 years old soon.]

 [What a liar!]

 Chatting while we walked, we finally reached the building with the blue roof at last.

 Part 3

 When I passed the letter to the receptionist, I was ushered into a receiving room.

 [Please rest here for a short while.]

 Leaving us with just those words, Ms. Receptionist disappears.

 While we wait, we sit quietly on the available sofa.

 Elinalise of course snuggles right into me.

 Whenever she sits next to a man, she does that. It's really a bad habit.

 But since it doesn't really bother me, I let it go.

 She's happy to feel my manlike body, and I'm happy to have such a beautiful Nee-san next to me.

 Everybody wins.

 The only loser is that son of mine who doesn't react at all to the situation.

 While lost in thought, I looked at my surroundings.

 I'd give this receiving room a grade of C-rank.

 The sofa is rather hard, and there is minimal furnishing.

 However as a place for meeting with adventurers, it's actually fitting.

 [Thank you for your patience, I am Vice Principal Jinas.]

 After a wait of about one hour, Vice Principal Jinas appeared.

 For not having an appointment, we were still met promptly.

 With a receding hairline, he seems like a nervous man in the prime of his life.

 He wears about himself a deep blue robe.

 Is he a user of water magic?

 [Pleased to meet you for the first time, I am Rudeus Greyrat.]

 I greet him in the aristocratic form I learned, quickly bowing my head.

 When I glanced at her, Elinalise also was bowing respectfully.

 [And who is this person if I may inquire?]

 [I am Elinalise Dragonroad. I share membership in a party with Rudeus.]

 [I see…]

 Who is it? Why did they come?

 One glance of his eyes showed that Elinalise was of no concern to him.

 Jinas, in whatever form of good spirit, offered us a seat.

 [Never did I think you would come here so soon.]

 [A certain person suggested that I should.]

 [A certain person…? Ah, perhaps it was Ms. Roxy then.]

 Mind your business you big forehead bastard.

 Though I didn't say it aloud, my heart screamed those words.

 [Of course Roxy-sensei had recommended that I come as well, however, the one giving me the push to actually come is someone else after all.]

 [Mmm… …Then, shall we go ahead and enroll you here at the academy?]

 [Perhaps, we shall…?]

 Jinas leans forward.

 With a little subtle pressure, I nod slightly.

 [For what I may say, please forgive me, I find that many magicians who have come into great power tend to be very prideful. Especially a young magician like yourself who may come to dislike or look down upon our academy.]

 [I see]

 [I have also heard the story of how Rudeus-san defeated the Stray Dragon a short time ago. I thought someone like that would not think about pursuing school immediately.]

 In these past two years, I have come to understand the tendencies of adventurers.

 Though it differs by race and country, but for the most part, in this world, 15 years old is often considered an adult.

 It is the age most debut as an adventurer.

 However, there are a considerable number of adventurers who are not yet "grown up."

 Since there is not a particular age restriction.

 However, there are those who exhibit talent and manage to climb to a high rank before becoming 15 years old, though they are few.

 And those young people who reach the top, are usually a bundle of pride.

 I have only once seen a 14-year old boy called a B-rank adventurer.

 And that fellow was a Tengu who regarded me as a rival.

 Perhaps he was unable to stomach that I, who was the same age as him at the time, was an A-rank.

 Well, come to think of it I hadn't seen him in a while, I wonder if he made a mistake and died on a subjugation request.

 Jinas probably thought that of me, that I myself was a bit of a Tengu, like the type I just described.

 I regret to inform that these days my Tengu is lacking in vitality.

 Am I suffering a spiritual power shortage?

 [The first thing is that there are many facilities here to assist you with whatever you wish to pursue. Whether that be General Curriculum, Specialized Research, or Practical and Experimental Application.

 That is, of course, I will have allowance to advertise that you were a graduate here, correct?]

 While Jinas smiled wryly, I recalled Conrad's story.

 [If there is something you need to frankly discuss or inquire about, please don't withhold it here.]

 [Actually, What exactly is a [Special Student]? I do not yet properly understand what it is, even after all this talk.]

 Jinas once again smiled wryly, suddenly recalling something important.

 [Ah, Before I get into that, May I be allowed to give you a brief examination?]

 [Examination?]

 Maybe it's something like the Scholarship Student Examination?

 It seems like something naturally asked for.

 This might be bad.

 It's been ten years since I learned about magic from Roxy.

 Exactly how much do I remember?

 Umm…, Well I do remember Melded Magic…

 Damn it, if I had known this was going to happen, I would have brushed up a bit.

 [Yes, Well, this is a test to determine if you are in fact the same Rudeus as the rumors say.]

 Apparently, there will not be a written portion of the test.

 Part 4

 I don't want be told I have to defeat another stray dragon.

 I am not as brave as I was before.

 That's all I want to say honestly, however Jinas's wry smile tells me that might be Impossible.

 This guy has too many wry smiles.

 We left the building together with Jinas.

 Our destination was somewhere in the group of school buildings.

 It seems to be a training room in a training building.

 The location was where they perform magical experiments and examinations.

 [There are an extremely large number of buildings here. Are there really that many students here?]

 Jinas nods his head, and I took that as a confirmation.

 [Ranoa Magic Academy is different from a normal magical school, but since we have classes that are the same as a normal school, we have increased the number of classrooms to match the need. Instructions for nobles, and even a math department for merchants.

 However no matter the section, lessons on magic are adapted to fit the curriculum if necessary.]

 There are lesson courses for various fields, not just limited to magic.

 It is as Roxy said, they will accept just about anyone.

 That is why it has become a Mammoth school.

 [Still, while we don't have someone to teach royal studies, I feel more than confident that our teachers surpass those of the Ranoa Royal Academy when it comes to that of Magic.]

 [Oh?]

 [For the time being, there is a nearly unpopulated department that teaches the Military Sciences.]

 [As an example, would there be a division in the medical department that teaches about how to use medicine for healing a mental illness?]

 [Medicine for mental illness? No, I'm afraid there isn't something like that. However I am proud to say we have a good assembly of teachers skilled in Recovery and Detoxification magic… Does this field differ greatly from magic?]

 [You can say that…]

 Although this is an Academy, there isn't an Academy hospital.

 Well, there is the advice from Hitogami.

 I don't need to rush anything yet.

 [Is there an acquaintance who has become sick?]

 [I can't call it a sickness… Well, it's something more like a curse.]

 [I see, you insinuate that you are here to do research on how to cure a curse, that is a splendid goal.]

 [No, I'm not really planning to do anything great here.]

 As we talk, we entered one particular building.

 In here as well, is the Magic-proof bricking.

 The inside of the building was made to look like a deficient gymnasium, on the floor are 4 magic circles with a radius of 5 meters each, and they are partitioned off by horizontal lines.

 At the edge of the magic formations, were about 20 people.

 All of them wore a similar looking robe, two of them entered the magic formation, and were casting spells at each other.

 Are they not concerned with being injured?

 [Those are students who will become fourth graders this year, I believe that class had many aristocrats in it. Our school considers curriculum for actual combat, so we can perform mock battles here.]

 I watch on, taking in the explanation Jinas offers, as one student strikes the other with a fireball directly.

 The student is being wrapped in flames, as it happens the magic formation under their feet shines immediately, the flames are extinguished. The student who was just wrapped in flames comes out with not even a scorch.

 [What is this magic formation?]

 [It is attuned to Saint class recovery magic. Even if the attack is received, any injury will be recovered instantaneously.]

 [That is really amazing!]

 [In addition, an advanced level barrier is set into the outer circumference of the formation, and some magic won't even move an inch outside of it.]

 Amazing.

 As for what he called a magic formation, even though I saw magic textbooks a long time ago, with all the bad experiences on the return trip from the Magic Continent, I never managed to look through one.

 I wonder if I wouldn't have come to know how they are used.

 Could I have somehow dealt with the situation with the magic formation in Shirone?

 While I think about that, students entered from the opposite ends of the magic formation.

 [Now then, what shall I be doing?]

 [I have heard that Rudeus-san is capable in using voiceless incantation. I would like you to demonstrate that.]

 [Is it good if I just use anything? Supposing the case that I am a fake, do you have a way to verify it?]

 [Ah, you bring up a good point, though there was only one teacher in our school who could use voiceless incantations, he died of old age last year…]

 When it looked like Jinas might worry about such a thing, his hands came together in a loud clap.

 [Ah~, It is fine though, in fact, there is a child in our school who can also use the voiceless incantation magic as well.

 While he may not be as strong as Rudeus-san, he is the prodigy of my school.

 They belong to the student council this year… no, is that a good thing?

 Gaiter*-sensei! Will it be all right if I borrow Fitts-kun for a moment?]

 While Jinas ran towards a different magic formation, the teacher called out in a voice as well.

 After a while, they brought a lone boy.

 He had short white hair, and wore a pair of sunglasses.

 The ears were long, was it perhaps an Elf?

 He has a small build. No, perhaps he's just young? About 13 years old or so?

 His muscles are overwhelmingly insufficient.

 But he is supposed to be the type who is talented.

 If he is a man, he should train his body more.

 He's younger. However next year he will be my senpai.

 I should probably greet him properly.

 [Ru-…!]

 He looked at me, and was going to rush up to me.

 I went before him, while making my greeting with a loud voice.

 [Pleased to meet you, I am Rudeus Greyrat.

 If there are no problems, I will become your kouhai from next year on.

 If I find myself in a difficult place, I hope you will please instruct and encourage me.]

 [……EH? Ah, Y-, Yes!]

 Though it looked like Fitts tried to say something, I had already finished the greeting.

 When it came to the self-introduction, the early bird gets the worm.

 Though his mouth kept flapping open and closed.

 Before too long, it stays tightly shut.

 [I am Fitts, please treat me well.]

 His voice was a little high and sounded stiff.

 It seems the breaking of the voice has not yet come to him.

 Is he even younger than I thought?

 However, a senpai is a senpai after all.

 Since I am a bit scared of bullying, I will remain humble.

 [Since I am forced to trouble you with this matter, let’s cooperate well.]

 [A~…Right!]

 Entering the magic formation, Jinas grumbles something, and the formation activates.

 I have a disagreeable recollection about being in a magic formation.

 I test the outer limit of the formation with a tap, but my hand slipped through.

 [Huh? Jinas-sensei, is the magic formation not operating correctly?]

 [Rudeus-san, in here, the only barrier is towards magic.]

 [So…anything physical passes through?]

 Thats how it appears to be.

 If I remember correctly, the formation in Shirone was King-class?

 But both physical and magical properties were negated in that.

 Well, perhaps if I have free time shall I come study this some more?

 After coming all this way to the Academy, it might be a good idea to be taught this stuff.

 [Now then, since Rudeus is an adventurer, are you alright with having a mock battle with Fitts?

 Please feel free to use your standard form of voiceless incantations.]

 [No problem.]

 Jinas nods at me, then turns and nods at Fitts.

 What's that?

 Are you trying to say that if I lose normally then I'll have to pay the tuition fee among other things?

 That's lame.

 Even though I have some extra money from the stray dragon subjugation, I've been continuing to live my life on the cheap, and if possible I'd like to keep my living expenses minimal out here too.

 Should I go all out from the start?

 Fitts stands across from me at the center point of the magic formation.

 He is holding in his hand a small wand.

 How nostalgic! I used to have a wand just like that in the old days, too.

 I also brought out my wand.

 This wand has been with me since I was 10 years old, the 『Aqua HartiaArrogant water dragon』

 Recently, I've given thought to changing the name of 『Aqua HartiaArrogant water dragon』 to 『Charlene』.

 Truth be told, whether I use it or not, won't make much of a difference.

 Jinas raises his hand.

 [Now then, Begin!]

 [ 『Disturb MagicRan Ma』 !!]

 At the same time the order to start was given, I used the 『Disturb Magic』 at Fitts' wand.

 Fitts made a surprised face when the spell that should have shot out from the wand didn't take shape.

 In my left hand, I created a Rock Bullet.

 The best reason for it is that it is the easiest spell to use.

 It becomes even more powerful if I pinpoint a place to take aim at.

 Since I've been making figurines for a while, it's incredibly easy for me to adjust the power settings of the spell, and it's easy to fire off successive shots.

 The fundamentals on all my subjugation jobs consisted of me using the [Rock Bullet] and my [Quagmire].

 And depending on the situation, I can even use them in different ways.

 As the saying goes, [If you play with fire magic, you are going to get burned.]

 […What's with this!!]

 [Gee, I wonder.]

 Size: Tiny.

 Rotation: High

 Propulsion: High

 Target: Center of Fitts's Forehead.

 …

 I thought about it, but changed my mind.

 FIRE!

 The rock bullet makes a surprising sound much like a doppler ping, it passes right by the edge of Fitts' face, and a sound similar to a panel of glass breaking is made when the outer magic barrier limitations are exceeded.

 It pierced the wall which was made of the Magic-proof bricking, the impact shattered and flung debris that was once the wall in every direction, and then the piercing movement of the rock bullet stopped.

 [……!]

 From the side of Fitts' cheek, a bit of blood trickled out, before the wound suddenly closed thanks to the magic of the formation.

 Fitts ran a finger along his cheek, and skimmed the blood, then looked behind him at the final destination of the bullet.

 Then with a thump, he fell on his rear.

 I'm glad my aim was that good.

 Healing magic isn't almighty after all.

 In the case of an easy wound like this, Saint class magic will recover a wound like that instantly, but if I had hit him head-on with that, he might have died immediately.

 And instant death is not remedied by Saint class healing magic.

 […]

 Suddenly, Fitts' eyes met with mine.

 Although I couldn't see where he was looking because of the sunglasses,

 Somehow, I knew Fitts' eyes were watching only me.

 [……]

 […]

 We said nothing to each other.

 Fitts' stare just kept getting more intense.

 Somehow,

 I felt that I had really gone and done it now.

 From the other side of the magic formation, was a downpour of stares.

 Even Jinas stared at me with wide eyes.

 Elinalise yawned.

 [J, Just now… how did you do…?]

 Fitts' voice was trembling.

 Jinas too seemed to make a face wanting to know what had just happened.

 [It was the magic called 『Disturb MagicRan Ma』. Do you know about it?]

 Fitts shook his head.

 It seems he did not know of the Ran Ma type of magic.

 Is it relatively minor?

 Although I think it is extremely effective magic if you ever have to PvP another magician…

 Now that I think about it, outside of that one time with Orsted, I don't think I've ever seen it used before.

 Fitts still quietly watches me.

 The gaze from behind his glasses is painfully transmitted to me.

 […]

 By Jinas' own words, he called Fitts a genius.

 That he should have fallen on his rear in front of everyone…

 The chance that I may have damaged his honor is high.

 Fitts' glance is painful.

 I tried to quietly divert my eyes.

 His eyes are locked on to mine.

 A deer in the headlights?

 Crying over spilled milk?

 Those are reasons that lead to bad feelings.

 If possible, I don't want him to have to suffer that.

 Alright.

 [Thank you very much Senpai! You allowed a new student like me to take the credit for this match!]

 [Eh?]

 While I was smiling and laughing, I said it in a way that other students could hear, as I approached him.

 And I stretched a hand out towards him.

 Though Fitts seems a little puzzled, he catches my hand.

 Fitts' hand was soft.

 I wonder if he's ever held a sword?

 [Please give me the pleasure of returning my thanks for today in the future.]

 […!]

 As I'm helping him rise, I whisper that while I'm close to his ear, Fitts' body is trembling, he nods for only a moment.

 I think when it's time to pay my respects after I enter school, I will bring him a box of cake.

 Yeah, I think I'll do that.

 I quietly decided so.

 Oh, by the way I passed the examination.

 Jinas applauded and praised me.

 Fitts didn't even complain about being shut-out.

 Part 5

 And so, one month later, I have become a resident of the Academy dorms.

 I received a detailed explanation about the [Special Students] afterwards.

 Exempt from basic school expenses.

 Exempt from classes under certain circumstances.

 I can receive or join in any class curriculum aimed at the general students, it's encouraged that I mix in with them if I do.

 Homeroom attendance is mandatory once a month, I am free to do basically anything in the school.

 I may borrow one room in the research building for devoted research.

 I may borrow one room in the training building for training time.

 If I choose to, I can spend all my time reading in the library.

 I am free to eat meals in the dining room.

 If I leave campus, it is fine to continue acting as though I was still an active adventurer.

 I am free to publish my research findings if I visit the magic guild.

 I am free to play around in the red-light district.

 However, anything done outside of the campus is my own responsibility.

 Though I am called a student, my actual title is closer to that of a researcher.

 However, it seems that there are many other types of [Special Students].

 Other students may for example not be exempt from the fundamental lessons.

 I seem to have been provided with considerable amounts of personal freedom.

 Of course there are some forbidden things.

 For instance, committing something regarded as a crime in Ranoa Kingdom.

 Or subversive activities towards the Academy and towards the Magic Guild.

 I was given a thin booklet outlining all the school rules and regulations for further reading and inquiry.

 I read a little bit on the spot when I received it.

 Basically as long as I use common sense, there shouldn't be a problem.

 It's just about the same thing as what was on the Adventurer's Guild application.

 Although the Adventurer's Guild cracks down a bit harder on violations.

 By the way, Elinalise also enrolled in the Academy.

 She paid money as normal.

 From what I understood, the Entrance fee and school expenses until graduation are lumped together and the total amount is about 3 Asura Gold coins.

 That's incredibly cheap!

 Can there really be such a difference in prices?

 By the way if I entered normally and took the exam, and received excellent results, I would have received some exemption towards basic school expenses and the enrollment fee.

 Otherwise if I had no practical way to pay up front, I could work out a deal to properly pay for my tuition after graduating.

 There seems to be more flexibility the more talented of a person you are.

 Oh, but that has nothing to do with me.

 [Fumu~]

 I combed over the school regulations twice.

 For a penal code entry in the matters of sexual relations.

 And I examined that page properly.

 [Elinalise-san. As long as you don't… force yourself on them, you appear to be free to do whatever you want.]

 [What a wonderful school! Did you know? That kind of thing is strictly prohibited at a Milishion school after all.]

 Though the subject almost went out on a tangent, an adequate answer was returned.

 As expected, people with their mind in the pink are different.

 When I go with the knowledge that I had from my previous life, there is a serious confusion of public morals when it comes to being able to do it with a child who is attending school, which can lead to a breakdown in discipline.

 The youngest children in this school are about 10 years old, but there are people on the register who exceed 100 years old as well.

 Although it seems for the time being there are many young men here, the ages are various, the races are various, and even the common sense is various.

 Also, there are even others here who are cursed like Elinalise.

 In such a situation, that is no good, this is also no good, since it seems like it would be easy for a problem to easily occur.

 Especially when the mating season starts.

 Well, you might say there is a reason for the free school tradition.

 To have a reason to live, for me that reason is the effort I will put forth with the desire to reclaim my manhood again.

 Uwaah, Let's do our best!

 I will make my son BIG.

 Just kidding.

 Actually, there is still the advice from Hitogami, it will definitely be healed soon.

 I continued along taking comfort in that.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
