Volume 7  4 — First Day of School - First Part

Volume 7 Chapter 4 - First Day of School - First Part

 

 Part 1

 Ranoa Magic Academy.

 The world's largest Magic School, it is sponsored by the Magic Guilds of the 『Magic Triumvirate』 and boasts one of the largest campus areas.

 The current Principal is one of the heads of the Magic Guild and is known as 『Wind King Class Magician Georg』.

 The current number of students in the register exceeds 10,000.

 Though it's labeled as a [Magic] Academy, the teachers have layers upon layers of various knowledge, and in truth you can be taught just about anything there.

 People from all tribes, species, and social standings can be admitted.

 Such as those who would avoid anything to do with the Milis Religion, where there is still deep prejudice against the Demon races.

 Such as those who would typically find themselves excluded. The moody types like those of the Beast Race.

 Such as those of royal or noble lineage who find themselves in jeopardy or exile by way of political power struggles.

 Such as those who were born with a curse, or aristocratic children who are deemed unmanageable.

 Though it seems that none from the Heaven Race or Sea Race are on the student register.

 A person of high magic ability or a person with a deep relationship with magic, even a person with just some kind of magical issue can also enroll.

 It's said one time a matter arose with the Magic Guild when it tried to ally with the other world powers.

 Asura Kingdom knew that if another country gained the use of the Magic Guild it would be hard pressed to compete against them.

 So Asura Kingdom made a number of investments to the magic guild in the effort of building amicable relations.

 Incidentally Holy Milis Country has an order…The 『Temple Knights』 are directly opposed to the methods of this school.

 However, since this school is on the opposite side of the world from Milishion, there has been no reason yet to expressly call for war with it.

 The normal enrollment period is for seven years.

 The maximum is nine years.

 It is possible to continue indefinite enrollment if one is doing research with expressed permission from an affiliated Magic Guild.

 There is a huge dormitory that is five stories tall, and boarding is free.

 There are those who attend from residential homes that are in the downtown district as well.

 But it seems the usual choice for commute is to stay in the dormitory.

 A room has already been prepared for myself in the dormitory, it seems.

 The dorm room was simplistic.

 It is on the second floor.

 A 6-tatami length room, fitted with bunk beds.

 One table and chair provided.

 While the room is normally shared by two people, those who are approved as a [Special Student] are granted exclusive use.

 If I wished for it, I could have a roommate.

 However I passed on that.

 I didn't come here to make friends.

 It seems aristocrats can pay a bit of money and move to a larger and higher-security room, but for me, I think it's unnecessary.

 I'm not living the kind of life where I need to worry about assassination.

 There is a toilet in the hallway.

 I was surprised to find that it had a flushing feature!

 There was a lever and a jar.

 It seems I can draw water from a basin near the toilet with the bucket, and then pour it into the jar.

 From the jar, I can use the lever to operate a mechanism that lets the waste-water drain out into a pipe leading to a sewer.

 Of course, a guy like me doesn't need to use a bucket, since I can just use my own water magic.

 It seems there is a duty rotation to refill the water basin, but because I am a [Special Student], I am of course exempt.

 I am provided with a uniform.

 Gentlemen are provided with a school suit, while ladies are provided with a blazer.

 Honestly, it's a pretty sweet design too!

 I heard that until this year, there wasn't a standard unified uniform.

 If that's the case, then the gym uniform should be bloomers right?

 Sadly, here, it happens to be a robe.

 I was not provided with the specifics.

 It seems like there isn't a person who understand the importance of bloomers.

 For the time being, even someone without money to spend on a uniform is still provided with the cheapest type.

 [So, does it suit me?]

 Elinalise is in front of me putting on a fashion show with her new clothes.

 Because her lengthy luxurious hairstyle was rolled just under the shoulder, she gave off the impression of wearing her robe as someone who did cosplay.

 The uniform suits her reasonably well.

 It seems that since I know the true nature of Elinalise-san, I can't help but to see it as Cosplay after all.

 [If the skirt was altered to be shorter, it would be much easier to go man-fishing. Just to the point where the panties almost become visible.]

 After I advise her of this, the look on her face that she gave me said: "You are a Genius!"

 [If it's this short won't I be feeling the cold more?]

 [I think that if you were to put on some socks that reach all the way up to your thighs you won't be.]

 [Amazing, just as expected of Rudeus. You are truly a genius!]

 As Elinalise said this to me, she began folding the skirt until it felt like one that belonged to a high school girl.

 Then when she spun around, the fluttering of her skirt allowed the momentary showing off of her panties.

 Yep.

 It’s as I thought, pairing the panties and the uniform was definitely a good idea.

 Part 2

 So, I headed to the entrance ceremony.

 Even at a school like this, there exists an entrance ceremony.

 The new students this year are gathered in a cold schoolyard.

 Of course there is no orderly file.

 Some students appear to be listening to the Principal's speech intently, while others appear rather uninterested.

 There are also those gathered who are acquaintances and they are chatting away.

 If this was a Japanese school, this would be the place where the guidance councelor would shout at us.

 The principal gives a speech on a platform constructed of the ever-present brick material to the many different types of people who are standing before him.

 [Ladies and Gentlemen, for the longest time, the ones called "Magician" have been looked down upon by the ones called "Swordsman."

 Indeed, that fencing art that the Sword God created might reign supreme.

 However! Magic is also a form of supremacy!

 After all, in the end, fencing is just a murderer's tool.

 However, magic is different, there is a future for those who practice magic!

 When we stand together united and exchange and build upon our current chanting methods, we can regain our once lost magic system and bring about a new evolution of . . . ]

 Elinalise and I just stood there quietly.

 No matter what world you are in, the principal's speech is long.

 However, no one here who is listening to his speech seems tired.

 I guess perhaps the motivation to use magic is overflowing?

 No, it's different.

 It's because everyone seems to be interested in watching the principal desperately trying to pin his wig down before it takes flight off of his head!

 Elinalise is looking about the surrounding area, examining all the men closely.

 She seems to be having trouble choosing one at the moment.

 [ . . . That is all. Gentlemen and Ladies, may your path of magic be straight and true!]

 Finally the Principal wrapped it up in words like some protector of freedom and justice.

 There is no school song sung in unison.

 This is likely because there is no school song to begin with.

 A national anthem exists, but I can't sing it.

 [Continuing on, we will now hear some words from our Student Council President to the new students.]

 With the words of Vice Principal Jinas, a mix of three boys and girls climbed up to the stage.

 The girl in the lead has beautiful blonde hair.

 Her long silky hair has been put into a braid.

 Her uniform is the same as ours, though much newer, and she oozes dignity and grace from the way she carries herself as she walks across the stage.

 Compared to that one, the Ojou-sama next to me is a fake.

 But then, Elinalise's standing behavior says with an act "Not enough opportunities…"

 [Oh, isn't that the young child Rudeus made cry the other day?]

 She said this when looking at one of the two people who were trailing behind.

 The person with the White hair and wearing sunglasses.

 It was Fitts.

 While moving across the stage, he is vigilantly surveying the area.

 The other boy is one I don't know yet.

 I guess he would be a bit older than me.

 Fussy brown hair in a combed back style and a sword is visibly worn on the waist.

 He does not seem to be a magician.

 The way he moves makes me think he is likely a swordsman.

 Above all though, he is an ikemen.

 According to my investigation, of the countries of central continent, from the faces I've imagined ikemen to have, it seems that the ones who possess a "strong-man" expression are the most popular.

 To put it simply, those with a Paul-like face are popular.

 Actually that guy looks similar to Paul.

 Incidentally, it turns out I'm not bad looking either, but apparently the way I laugh causes people to be disgusted.

 Only Elinalise has praised my fantastically masculine smile.

 When they went to the top of the stage, the young students present began to chat noisily.

 [Hey, isn’t that Ariel-sama…?]

 [Then isn't that one 『Silent Fitts』?]

 [Kyaa~, It's Luke-sama!]

 It seems they are somehow famous.

 The schoolgirls all raise their squealing voices.

 Perhaps that Paul-like man might be this 『Luke』?

 Girls send their support with [Kyaa~ Kyaa~], and he returns it with a wave of his hand.

 He's really popular.

 Tch, I don't like this Mannequin-like guy with an AV actor's name.

 [Ara, that's a fine man.]

 It seems he is suitable to Elinalise's discerning tastes.

 [Quiet down! Ariel-sama will be speaking now!]

 On Luke's (likely) order, the noise in the surrounding area momentarily quiets down.

 He's incredible for not needing to use a megaphone.

 Choosing the moment when it's quiet enough, the girl from before comes out.

 [I am Ariel Anemoi Asura. The Second Princess of the Asura Kingdom, and in charge of the Magic Academy's Student Council!]

 Her commanding voice penetrated to the core.

 Attacking the earlobes, and shaking the brain.

 Can I call it charisma?

 This is not just a penetrating voice.

 Just hearing it brings about the feeling of a good mood.

 [You have come here together from places all over the world. And there are those of us with big differences in our common sense.

 But, here at the Magic Academy, the way we protect it is different than your hometown.]

 The contents of what she speaks are basically just school regulations.

 Things like even if things are done too differently, please respect what is considered a rule here.

 However the way in which it was said was profoundly sunk into the heart.

 That's right, the rules should be followed.

 Even though I was formerly Japanese, it doesn't seem that this is why I care.

 I seemed to care because I honestly believed in her words.

 [ . . . Now then, please lead a good student life.]

 Once Ariel's speech had ended, she got off of the stage.

 At that time, suddenly Fitts' glance caught me.

 Even though he was wearing sunglasses, I was convinced he was looking at me.

 His gaze was strong.

 This might be bad, I should hurry and go buy a box of cakes already…

 Part 3

 After the entrance ceremony ended, I separated from Elinalise and went towards a certain classroom.

 It is necessary to participate in homeroom at least once a month.

 According to the story I heard, including me, there are only six others who are [Special Students], I was asked in earnest to avoid quarreling with them.

 Even if it was asked of me, I don't have any intention to get into a fight with anyone anyway.

 I'll just shrug away whatever is troublesome.

 As I think this, I reach one end of three school buildings set in a line.

 My classroom is in the rear room on the third floor.

 On the way there, is a line drawn on the ground, it reads, [Ahead of here is the classroom for 『Special Students』].

 It seems that the classroom is isolated.

 Though as a 『Special Student』 I can go freely anywhere I want to on campus.

 Is it the opposite?

 Because things like pride can make a lot of trouble, is this a consideration for the general students to avoid unnecessary contact?

 Well, if they went to the trouble to call it special, I will have to trust that there is a reason for it for the time being.

 Lost in that thought, I finally reached the classroom.

 The placard above the door has 『Special Student Room』 written on it.

 When things are handled like this, I am getting an unpleasant feeling.

 I calmly open the door, and enter the classroom quietly.

 Somehow this classroom gave off a familiar feeling.

 It seems that the black board and teacher's desk are not the only new additions to this room.

 Wooden desks are lined up in rows all over the classroom.

 Though the window was closed, it was somehow still bright in the classroom.

 There are four people sitting in their seats.

 One is a boy sitting in the front row and reading a book . . . he's likely studying.

 Impressively concealing his eyes is his dark brown hair.

 He glances at me for a moment then looks away uninterested.

 Near the back of the room at the side by the window are seated two girls.

 Both are members of the Beast Race.

 One seems to be munching on some kind of meat-on-a-bone, she looks at me with suspicion. She's of the Adorudia [Canine] Race.

 The other one, resting her feet on top of the desk while leaning back, both hands are clasped together behind her head, Looks at me. She's of the Dedorudia [Feline] Race.

 When I see these two, I am reminded of the two little girls from the Dorudia village that I met once.

 I wonder what their names were again . . . .

 They were both nice children though.

 Compared to them, these two seem to be ill-mannered.

 Completely Ko-gal.

 And the last one.

 It was a young man I'd seen somewhere before.

 He has a long face, with round glasses attached.

 In my former school days I would have called such a person "Spock."

 He was looking at me gap-jawed for a while now.

 His expression doesn't change, as he suddenly stands up with a bang.

 I was enlightened by way of the Eye of Foresight.

 [Shi……SHISHOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!]

 As if the desk was a hindrance, he flung it out of his way.

 Crashing into desks aside as if he was something like a snowplow.

 One after another was being tossed aside as he crashed into them.

 Yes, come crash into me!

 [Rock Bullet!]

 There is a heavy sounding thunk.

 [Shishouuuuuuuuu!]

 My rock bullet hits his face then falls to the ground with a thud, he didn't even stagger from it.

 However was there enough power behind it to return this grown man to sanity from his delusional state?

 Unreal. Is this a 『MIKO』's power?

 This guy grabs me around the waist and lifts me up easily into the air.

 [Whoa~! Hold it, hold it, take it easy, RELAX, calm down already!]

 I braced myself for the impact with the ceiling.

 However, I was put down safely somehow.

 [Shishou! Have you forgotten myself? It is I, Zanoba!]

 While Zanoba laughs with a wide smile, he politely hugs me.

 Am I now your beach-house newlywed wife?

 [Hah Hah, of course I remember you! My disciple, please let go of me now, you are scaring me.]

 Third Prince of Shirone, Zanoba was here.

 Part 4

 Under the characteristic pretext of 'studying abroad,' it seems Zanoba was sent here to Ranoa Magic Academy for a while.

 Properly understood, not being able to control the Miko power is treated the same as having a curse.

 It seems that as long as there isn't a major disturbance, there is no need to refuse his acceptance here.

 However there is a division in the Magic Guild who does research into Curses and Blessings.

 Miko are valuable existences, especially a sample such as this one.

 And with such a reason, Zanoba was enrolled as a 『Special Student』

 In exchange for being a [Sample], Zanoba felt he had the right to take classes.

 And typical of a place so focused on Magic, it was a convenient solution.

 [With Myself's teacher as a target, every day has been spent training with the Earth Magic.]

 Oh, Zanoba.

 What an industrious disciple you are.

 [Is that so now? Your highness seems to be most energetic. When I get settled down, I will come make figurines together with you.]

 [Please do!]

 Zanoba deeply nodded his smiling face.

 How nice.

 I remember being a junior at my middle school back in that life.

 Didn't I also speak with strong feelings about things I did, how proud I was when I could create my own PC?

 [Though, in the case of this school, isn't His Highness actually my senpai? What year are you in now?]

 [Second year. However, ha ha, please do not call me "your highness" or "senpai," but Zanoba instead. And I will call Myself's Shishou as "Shishou."]

 [Zanoba.]

 [Yes, Shishou.]

 It is this kind of feeling when I am chatting with Zanoba.

 With a *bang*, there was the sound of something being thrown.

 Involuntarily, we face the direction of the sound.

 It was at the place where the Beast Race girls where at, where there were two feet on the desk before, now there was just one.

 Since she is wearing a skirt, a certain place is able to be seen.

 [You two are making me sick-nya]

 Nya!

 Nya . . . . . .

 The Dedorudia family say Nya.

 Eris also used . . . no I don't want to remember that right now.

 If I go and remember Eris now, I'll just be frustrated.

 [Oi! Zanoba and YOU? What the hell are you all chattin' about?]

 [Rinia-dono, this is the gentleman I spoke of before, Myself's Shishou…]

 [When'd I ever listen ta' anything y'said?]

 This cat eared girl was irritated, and so she kicked the table above her with the heel of her foot, loudly.

 [Zanoba, Oi! C'mere, you, oi. You understand, right-nya? You understand what I'm saying to you right? Hah?]

 The face of Zanoba stiffens.

 Is it possible- this person is bullying him?

 If it's Zanoba we're talking about, then this person must be considerably strong…

 Wait, it might just be a matter of something like Jocks and Nerds.

 [If you understand then bring that guy already!]

 After a couple of short tugs, I am pulled away.

 [Sorry, Shishou…]

 [Don't be, it’s not a problem for me.]

 I approach the cat-eared girl as told.

 A cat-eared girl and a dog-eared girl.

 The both of them stare me down for a moment.

 If it was the me from before, my feet would probably be shaking from their glares.

 However, I'm not scared at all.

 Should I say something . . . ? I've been like this for a moment now.

 However it is not only glares, it seems to be also some kind of bloodlust?

 It might almost be like the real thing that Ruijerd could do.

 [Thank you, pleased to meet you, I am Rudeus Greyrat. From today on I will be in your care, I will be mindful not to intrude in your affairs. Please treat me well.]

 I bend deeply at the waist, in the Japanese style.

 After all, there's nothing better than behaving properly in front of people that act like this.

 The reason being that I am trying with the utmost of my ability to have nothing to do with them.

 Then I was laughed at by Rinia.

 [Oh, can't hate an obedient guy like this.

 I am Rinia Dedorudia, 5th year-nya.

 Though I may not look like it, I am the daughter of the Village Chief Gyes of the Dorudia Village-nya.

 I'll be the head of the family soon-nya.

 I'm just taking care of some things here until then-nya.]

 That sounds like typical matters of Dorudia tribe after all.

 Moreover, Gyes's Daughter.

 Didn't I remember him saying his eldest daughter was abroad studying at another country?

 Was it here?

 How nostalgic.

 [Ah, is that how it is!

 When I was last in Dorudia village I was deeply indebted to Gyes-san!

 Ah, I am deeply moved! To think that I might be able to meet the daughter of my benefactor in such a place as this!

 Ah, so how are such things faring for the granddaughter of Gustav-san?

 Gustav-san was also a considerable help to me as well.

 He lent me a house to stay in during the rainy season!]

 [O . . . oh, is that so? You were also acquainted with Gr-Gramps . . . ?]

 While talking like a machine gun, Rinia was looking at me with a face of amazement.

 Though it is trivial now, when she kicked the desk earlier, I was able to see into the certain place.

 They were blue.

 The kid next to her who was eating the meat, her nose twitched with a tiny sniffing sound, then she frowned.

 [Smells . . . ]

 She was suddenly impolite.

 Did you say that I was smelly?

 However that doesn't seem visible in her face.

 So, I greeted the dog-girl properly.

 [Pardon me, may I be allowed to hear senpai's name?]

 [ . . . . . . . . .It's Pursena. Same reasons as Rinia said.]

 [Pursena-san, what a nice name! Please look after me as well!]

 She suppressed her nose, and abruptly turned her face away.

 [ . . . Fakku-nano.]

 Is that last word meant as an insult?

 When a young lady speaks like that, it makes an old man excitable.

 At any rate, it seems the pre-emptive strike was a success.

 I want to believe with this, I will be able to avoid being involved in any unreasonable situations now.

 Part 5

 After touching base with those two, I listened to Zanoba who was making a complicated face.

 And after I left, he whispered to me,

 [Shishou, what's the reason for you to bow and scrape to that degree?]

 I hear what you are saying.

 [… My disciple, it is an essential thing that we avoid all unnecessary quarreling between students.]

 [Is…that why?… If that is what Shishou says, Myself will say nothing further on that matter.]

 Zanoba nodded regrettably.

 I have no idea what was done before, but if this guy is bullied next time, I will become his shield properly.

 Bullying is no good.

 Absolutely no good.

 [Oi!]

 While I am thinking a voice calls out from behind me.

 [Yes, what is it?]

 When turning around, it was the boy who was in the front row now standing.

 [You, just a moment ago, did you say your name was Rudeus?]

 [Yes, I am called Rudeus Greyrat. I am pleased to meet your acquaintance from here on, senpai.]

 The boy had the look of complete confusion when I went about bowing my head.

 [Cliff Grimoire. The Genius Magician.]

 Genius Magician, is it?

 Isn't that amazing?

 Does a genius call himself that?

 Isn't that a bit shameful?

 [In just two years I have managed to learn all attack magic to the Advanced Level.

 My recovery, detoxification, and divine-attack magic are already advanced level.

 Though my Barrier magic is only at the Beginner rank, I will soon be at intermediate.

 Unfortunately there aren't better teachers of it here.]

 [That's pretty impressive.]

 I honestly praised him.

 I nod my head to his self-proclamation of being a genius.

 Exactly how much effort would be required to get seven categories of magic all the way up to the advanced rank in just two years time?

 For me, my recovery is only middle rank, and my detoxification is still beginner rank.

 Though I thought that there was always going to be someone better, nonetheless it's still an amazing thing to meet one.

 Is this a special classroom?

 Is my pride undamaged because I've acquired up to saint rank in water rank magic?

 [Taking you two years to get just the four basic attack magics to the upper rank. Senpai must be amazing.]

 […Tch, It's nothing to get all worked up about.]

 While I was honestly trying to praise Cliff, He suddenly clicked his tongue, and fell into a bad mood.

 He grabs my lapels, although without any real power, and stares at me.

 Since I am the taller one, he has to look up.

 [You aren't just a magician, you also use swordplay?]

 [Eh? Yeah, I do have a bit of an interest in it…]

 I am tentatively ranked Intermediate in Sword God Style.

 I barely even remember any of the Water God Style.

 Though I treat my sword swings as more of a form of strength training than any practical application.

 I haven't really used my fencing skills in actual combat.

 That's the extent of which I have a taste for.

 To put it bluntly, Eris and Ruijerd and other Swordsmen, they understand the trick to strengthening the body through the proper sword techniques, and no matter how much I try, I just can't understand how, so I am halfway over giving up on swordplay entirely.

 Even so…

 [Who did you hear it from? That I can use swordplay?]

 […from Eris-san.]

 I was shocked.

 In these last two years, did he meet with Eris?

 I wouldn't think she would come to the Magic Academy though…

 [Is she also at this school?]

 [Huh? Why would she have any reason to be?]

 Cliff retorted coldly.

 Is that how it is?

 The fact that Eris would be going to school now isn't really expected.

 [E~to… Where did you meet her at?]

 […]

 He doesn't answer.

 Just stares at me.

 Did I say something strange……?

 Ah, perhaps a long time ago this kid was pummeled by Eris too?

 Sorry, sorry, for our Eris, I'm truly sorry.

 [Ee~to… Has she said anything about me by chance?]

 Now Cliff seems to be giving me some kind of dramatic glares and scowls.

 Staring at me from top to bottom.

 [Hmph, she said that you were small (in stature).]

 […Is, is that so? I was small (down there), she said?]

 I was about to cry.

 Was she lost to me now after that one affair after all?

 And for someone with a bigger one too…

 [W-well, you might say that after being separated from her for two years, I have grown up because of her.]

 [Eh? Did you separate from Eris-san?]

 [Hm?]

 I get the feeling that something isn't meshing right in this delicate conversation.

 That something is very wrong.

 Before I can confirm what that is,

 [Ah, it’ll be fine though, In the end someone like you doesn't balance well with someone like Eris-san anyways, right!]

 My chest caved in at such a phrase.

 Cliff snorted and then returned determinedly to his seat.

 I need to give special attention to this one.

 Part 6

 Afterwards, the teacher came and after my introduction and some simple contact information, homeroom was over.

 It seems one person was missing.

 [Ara? Did't I hear that there was one more who was also a [Special Student]?]

 When I tried to ask Zanoba, he shook his head.

 [Silent-dono is exempt from morning homeroom gathering for 1 month it seems.]

 [And the reason?]

 [Myself is not sure of that.]

 The last person seems to be called Silent.

 I wonder if they are capable of using KageJutsu also?

 [They are also an amazing person too, right?]

 [It is well known that they are doing this and that behind the scenes of the school right now.

 They expanded the menu of the school cafeteria, They have created new magic items……even these uniforms were conceived by Silent-dono.

 It's even rumored that she has received a recommendation by one of the Seven Great World Powers, and that's why she's receiving special treatment.]

 Hearing Zanoba go on, my mind was painted with the thought of only one kind of man, a "Mad Scientist."

 Adorned in a white robe, with big bottle-bottom glasses, wielding a flask containing some kind of green concoction.

 Though the head comes up with good ideas, usually he leaves people with bad feelings.

 [Silent-dono is usually shut up in their laboratory, but sooner or later they will have something to do that will require them to show up before Shishou.]

 Zanoba had said such a thing.

 By the way, Silent happens to be a 3rd year student here.

 Another Senpai.

 I will be humble when I meet them.

 [Afterword.]

 In this way I managed to successfully enter into the [Special Student] class.

 It seems because the characters have increased, I need to tidy that up at once.

 1st Years: Rudeus (Hentai Magician), Elinalise (B*tch Elf)

 2nd Years: Zanoba (Super Strong Figurine Otaku), Cliff (Genius Magician)

 3rd Years: Silent (Mystery man)

 4th Years: Ariel (Asura Kingdom's 2nd Princess), Fitts (White Hair & Sunglasses), Luke (Ikemen)

 5th Years: Rinia (Cat), Pursena (Dog)

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
