Volume 7  6 — Fitts-Senpai

Volume 7 Chapter 6 - Fitts-Senpai

 

 Part 1

 Around one week had passed.

 School life is monotonous.

 My day goes as follows:

 When I wake up in the morning, the first thing I do is start my daily training regimen.

 In accordance with this one manga I had read in my former life, a certain man did 100 push-ups, sit-ups, squats and then ran 10 kilometers a day and by sacrificing his hair, he achieved something like the world's strongest power.

 I came back to my room, and did a little bit of magic training as well.

 Though it had been a while, I resumed creating figurines.

 Because Zanoba wouldn't stop with the [Please teach me Shishou!], I began my own difficult rehabilitation.

 However I am unable to progress much here.

 After a short while, Zanoba comes and invites me to go eat breakfast.

 The order in which students of the dormitory eat is decided by what year of schooling they are in and their social position.

 That's more or less how things went.

 It's a rather hectic morning.

 After breakfast ends, I part from Zanoba, and head towards the library.

 Doing my investigation on Metastasis has recently become interesting.

 When the noon bell rings, I rendezvous with Zanoba and we eat lunch together.

 He is also doing his best. The parts of his lessons he doesn't understand from class, I inquire about.

 If it's something I understand, I try and explain it to the best of my ability.

 It seems Zanoba only takes classes involving earth magic.

 Well, I think it's fine for him to do what he likes.

 By the way, I've been eating meals with Zanoba almost entirely outside.

 Occasionally, I get a strange look, but no one seems to have a problem with it.

 Once in a while Elinalise pops in, Zanoba doesn't ever seem to catch her considering eye, then she just suddenly leaves for somewhere else.

 Her hangout is roughly the first and second floors of the dining hall.

 The reason being that she cannot bring a boy inside the girl's dormitory, when the reason for why is made clear, they instead go "parking" late at night off the side of the road in the neighborhood.

 Busy by day, busy by night, what a tough person.

 Incidentally, the dining hall has many different cuisines that satisfy my palate.

 Usually the meal will be made with the Karaage-style Nanahoshi Grilling method, or Curry Soup, which is another different but good imitation of the Curry I once knew.

 While it hasn't made it to being one of my favorite foods, I am satisfied enough just because something similar to it came out.

 In the afternoon, I head for a class in the Main school building.

 The lessons I learn are the foundations of divine-attack and barrier magic.

 Divine-attack magic's principles are said to be particularly effective for dealing with things like Ghost-like entities or monsters that are gaseous in nature.

 It's probably closest in theory to [Disturb Magic].

 That's the image I have now of just throwing magic out like that.

 However, just throwing magic power out will not give damage, there is some special action needed, but I don't understand what it is.

 If I was perhaps a Master Exorcist in my previous life, I might have some understanding in this area.

 But, since I'm just learning the theories behind it, I am going to be memorizing each chant one by one.

 It seems that minor changes need to be done to the technique per-enemy basis, depending on the characteristics or type.

 If I wanted to excel in divine-attack magic, it's important that I’ll be able to assess my opponent.

 Not a big deal since I wasn't planning to limit myself to divine-attack magic anyway.

 Incidentally, it seems that a first-class swordsman can even strike down a ghost…

 Barrier magic is called that because it's quite literally a magic that makes a magical barrier.

 It requires fundamental usage of magical formations, and it's even possible to use it from barely the elementary level chanting.

 I learned how to use [Magic Shield], it's an elementary level magic, It's something like putting up a wall of magical power in front of me to block an incoming attack.

 [Magic Shield] seems to mainly intercept and reduce the damaging effects of flame and frost magic.

 The magic-resistant bricks used for managing the hotel's heating were developed from a technique similar to this.

 While there are magical barriers, there also appears to be physical barriers as well.

 In fact, the barrier in Shirone Kingdom was made for repelling physical attacks.

 I'll be learning this sooner or later, won't I?

 When I ask a teacher about that, I learn that when it comes to divine-attack and barrier magic, that the Milis Religious Order seems to be the only ones who have the rights to be teaching higher level magic in those fields.

 The academy is limited to only an elementary level class on the subject.

 I was told I couldn't learn how to use a physical barrier here, since physical barriers were considered an intermediate level technique.

 While the teacher can use it, it would be a violation if they were to teach it to others.

 If it comes out that there was a violation committed, it's possible that they will be excommunicated from the Milis religion, and may face a heresy inquisition.

 It seems that originally even a beginner level class on these two subjects were not allowed before, however about two years ago, provided certain conditions were followed, limited teaching was authorized.

 Because of such limiting circumstances, it seems the focus of the class shifts more to the methods of how magical barriers can be broken instead.

 Barrier properties are anti-physical and anti-magical, it's said that if a person is a Saint-class and above, they can combine the properties of both barriers and create one with a special trait.

 Also, barriers have various purposes, such as for the sake of defending oneself and for the sake of imprisoning other things.

 Roxy had spoken to me a little about barriers, back then, I didn't really understand what she meant about barriers, and I guess I more or less ended up ignoring that part.

 With that being the case, I end up studying from the beginning, and it also serves as a review.

 When class ends, I return to the library.

 Until it gets dark, I study about metastasis.

 And then when I return back to my dormitory, I eat dinner, and go to sleep after a little bit of time is spent making a figurine.

 When the daily life cycle was established, flexibility in things began to appear.

 However, the [Burning General of the Night] remains [Extinguished] by the town's [Freeloading Firefighter].

 In other words, there are still no signs of recovery.

 Part 2

 Then such an occurrence happened one day.

 I was in the library during the evening.

 There studying metastasis cases and then Fitts-senpai showed up.

 Sunglasses and White hair.

 He had on a stylish mantle, over the specified school uniform, sturdy boots, and tight white gloves.

 Though I've met Fitts-senpai many times, I have a feeling he is always dressed in these clothes.

 [Rudeus-kun, is it alright if I join you?]

 [No need for formalities, now then, I warmed a place for you, please sit down and have a thaw.]

 [Ahaha, sorry to trouble you…]

 When I handed over the seat I was using, Fitts-senpai sat down while trying not to be embarrassed.

 I pull a new seat next to him, and continue conducting my research.

 [Have you made any progress in your researching?]

 Fitts takes a look through what books I have at hand.

 It's been a week since then.

 I have come here everyday hunting documents related to metastasis.

 [I have come to understand that similar cases to what happened to Fedoa Territory also have happened in the past.]

 Fitts-senpai asked to hear all about what I had researched so far.

 [Nothing as large scale as what happened in Fedoa Territory surely, but there are cases of someone just going out one day and disappearing, then suddenly one day they are back again. These stories seem to mostly fit that criteria.]

 The so called spiriting-away.

 One person suddenly disappears by themselves, they appear somewhere else, then just as suddenly they reappear back in the same place.

 Things such as this are relatively frequent in this world… though it is a rare occurrence.

 [So, then, you are saying what happened to Fedoa Territory is like the same thing?]

 [I am wondering about that…]

 Casually, I happened to look at what Fitts had in his hand, it was a book on metastasis as well.

 [Perhaps, you would be willing to give me a hand with this?]

 When he heard that, he shook his head.

 [I don't think so. I also am just examining the metastasis event normally.]

 [Oh is that so? Is there a special reason for that? Perhaps a command from Princess Ariel?]

 [It's nothing like that…]

 Fitts-senpai moves his hand to his jaw, and seemed to consider something for a little while, then the edges of his mouth crooked and he laughed.

 He was laughing at himself.

 [To tell you the truth, an acquaintance of mine also became missing because of the metastasis event.]

 [That is, umm, what can I say? That's not good…]

 I remembered the list of fatalities at the refugee camp.

 The number of fatalities was vast.

 And it's been five years since it happened.

 It's already been considered too late to find any other survivors.

 Surely, even an acquaintance of Fitts-senpai wouldn't be alive still.

 I, who had every member of his family still alive, was immeasurably lucky.

 [Actually, I recently came into the knowledge that they somehow are still alive.]

 [Eh? Ah, is that so?]

 [Yeah. But, up until that point I had been studying everything I could about Metastasis… Like for instance, I hoped to be able to discern a pattern where one could potentially occur in the future. I thought something like that would be easy to locate, so I searched and searched!]

 Is there a trend in the appearance of the metastasis events?

 Indeed, I hadn't even considered such an idea.

 [As expected of senpai! How very insightful.]

 [Nah, it's nothing like that… Besides, I wasn't able to come to any kind of conclusion with all that I had found in the end.]

 Fitts-senpai said so, his jaw slackened, and he seemed to be looking depressed.

 According to the story I heard, it was one year after the metastasis event that the Princess was overthrown.

 Naturally, there may have been signs before the overthrowing, but at that time Fitts-senpai was a guard. He would have had his hands full with work.

 [Sometimes it just can't be helped.]

 There is a thing called a viewpoint.

 To give up the search when there is no longer any more reason to keep on participating.

 Rather, using the position of the guard, this school's library could be used to check matters concerning the case from different angles.

 Having been found, the information gathering was being done.

 With that much alone, it can be said that it was enough.

 [Past aside, let's consider this matter from here on, for the time being senpai, can you tell me about what information you've manage to find in your search?]

 [Sure, I'll bring you the consolidated information tomorrow… However, I don't want you to hold too many expectations. Because I don't think I was skillful at researching it, Rudeus-kun may find too many things wrong with it immediately after looking at it.]

 Fitts-senpai seems to have no confidence.

 Isn't he currently a 4th year student?

 Is it like what I heard a few days ago: that Fitts mostly guarded Princess Ariel to and from classes, and then did whatever routine and miscellaneous duties?

 Also, didn't you later say that you belonged to the student council?

 And in the middle of all of that, still had time to do research on this little by little.

 Not escaping from all that hectic work even with a so called reason.

 He's an amazing person.

 [Just let me borrow some of your time, senpai.]

 Anyhow, all morning is assigned to research.

 Having seen the situation, and having my previous life's knowledge, I more or less came up with a prediction.

 [Umm, that is… Rudeus-kun. Can I consult with you on this matter?]

 Abruptly scratching the back of his ear, Fitts-senpai cast his eyes downward and muttered a bit.

 I tilt my head to the side in puzzlement.

 [Isn't it alright?]

 There is the matter of thanking you for helping me the other day.

 I'll gladly listen to anything you have to say.

 [In researching the Metastasis events, I'd like you to lend me a hand with it.]

 I felt deeply grateful in hearing those words.

 [No, rather you would be the one lending me a hand. I've only just started researching a few days ago, so the amount of information I've gotten so far is minimal.]

 [But, I cannot give you very much time. Most likely I imagine Rudeus-kun would be doing all the research alone by himself.

 Wouldn't you hate it? Someone who just takes advantage of a partner and when he comes, is likely just a nuisance?]

 I would disapprove of a guy who only sometimes shows up for something like a research project and leaves it to the other person to do all the work alone.

 When hearing it like that, it certainly sounds disagreeable.

 Possibly, Fitts isn't one of those types who will do something in vain.

 I know that I am not a very bright person.

 If it's true Fitts-senpai is considered a genius, if he was to check my findings, it's possible he might be able to find something useful.

 [It's not that disagreeable of a thing. I look forward to working with you.]

 [Right, I also look forward to working with you.]

 When I said so and shook his hand, Fitts became shy and laughed.

 With his small face, and soft hand.

 My heart throbs.

 A male partner…

 …no, couldn't be.

 It might be my mind playing tricks on me.

 Part 3

 Afterwards, when I had finished performing my share of the researching, we parted ways.

 By the time we came out of the library, it was becoming dark.

 On the way back to the dorms, I have a leisurely chat with Fitts.

 He appears to have lots of guard work and miscellaneous duties after all, however, it seems that once every 10 days he has free time.

 [Come to think of it, Rudeus-kun. I saw you at lunchtime today. It was impressive.]

 Though he said lunchtime, I put on a puzzled expression.

 Now what was I doing at lunchtime?

 [It's actually surprising to see how that Zanoba Shirone has taken to you like a puppy.]

 […Haa]

 So by lunchtime, he means the time when I was eating a meal at the impromptu café terrasse I created outside with Zanoba and was being watched by everyone.

 [You might not already know this, but from the moment he enrolled here, he only ever got into fights, and was nothing but a hooligan and problem child.]

 Hearing that he was nothing but a "problem child", I smiled wryly.

 Even if you go and say it like that…

 That makes it seem like he wasn't a victim of bullying.

 You know, a person who can easily rip someone's head off might not be so easily bullied after all.

 [After all, Rinia and Pursena were said to be… Misbehaving too when they were controlling the students, before they were made to be docile.]

 Well, it seems that Rinia and Pursena happen to be the school banchou.

 The new student who was raging challenged them to a fight, and was defeated.

 Two against one.

 I won't say it was cowardly.

 Then Zanoba seems to have been treated as an underling of those two.

 I haven't seen much of that kind of scene though.

 [Please be careful around Rinia and Pursena, since they may decide to pick a fight with you soon.]

 [I get the feeling I'll be fine…]

 I have already shown submission to them.

 I don't need to show my face anywhere near them.

 While I don't know where the delinquents gather, I rarely see them in the dining hall.

 [Umm, That is… I think that they don't want to meet me again]

 [And why is that?]

 [During the time I was a first year, in order to mess with Ariel, they picked a fight, and I ended up defeating them.]

 [The two of them against you?]

 [Yes, however that is… I think they might still be holding some resentment towards me.]

 Indeed.

 However if that's the case, it's definitely decided that Fitts-senpai is strong.

 Fitts senpai took out Rinia and Pursena's 2v1 and Zanoba lost to their 2v1.

 Since I beat Fitts, does that mean I am the strongest?

 No way, right?

 There would be an issue of affinity.

 Good affinity as to whether or not he also could use the voiceless incantation Disturb Magic now that I had used it on him.

 But it could also be that it was just a surprise attack too.

 [However if it's Rudeus-kun I think you'll be alright.]

 [Now then, why's that?]

 [Because there is no one in this school who can defeat me one-on-one. And even though I may appear this way, I had never lost until you.]

 Although Fitts praises me by saying that, I would rather commend Fitts-senpai's disposition.

 An undefeated person was defeated for the first time.

 And to top it off he doesn't carry a grudge.

 Are there no feelings of regret?

 [That magic, was… called Disturb Magic? It was incredible! Teach me it next time.]

 [Eh? Sure thing!]

 I cheerfully consented.

 If Fitts masters the Disturb Magic, it may become impossible to defeat him.

 Even though I think that, I don't have the thought to decline teaching him.

 [Ah, but since it's like that, take care of yourself.

 Because some of those [Special Student]-types are rather eccentric…

 The one called Cliff is quick to start a fight, and even Silent also caused a number of problems back when they were admitted. Furthermore, I even heard that there was a strange Elf adventurer who became a first year student. She has been attacking boys.]

 Although I am not properly acquainted yet with the first two people mentioned, I am with the third person, though the meaning of "attacking” is a bit different.

 [I'm the kind of person who will try and walk away if I can, instead of getting into a fight…]

 While I was talking, we came to a fork in the road.

 If I continue straight ahead, I will be at the women's dormitory.

 Though it is not completely dark yet, I have never again had the nerve to walk down this road.

 [Ah, I have errands from Ariel-sama that still need to be done.]

 [Right. Thanks for your hard work today. Let's do it again sometime.]

 [I don't have much time tomorrow, but I'll try and drop in at the library anyway.]

 Fitts said that as he started walking towards the woman's dorm.

 Free to come from and go to that garden of women… I don't really feel jealous,

 Maybe it's because I still have the memories of Muscle-bomber-san from the other day.

 …Or else.

 Just maybe.

 Is putting my trust in Fitts-senpai who can enter that garden of women the key to the ultimate reason I have entered this school for?

 As of yet, I still cannot see the intention of Hitogami's advice.

 Part 4

 It has been decided that I will cooperate with Fitts-senpai in the matter of the metastasis research.

 I think that he has become friendlier toward me.

 Though I feel that it is something a bit more than just "Friendly."

 I was glad that I was still able to build good relations with him.

 He seems to be very mysterious.

 [If I might ask, why does Senpai wear sunglasses?]

 [Sunglasses…ah, you mean these glasses?]

 Fitts-senpai has never taken off those sunglasses.

 Certainly, never, however when do they come off?

 [Well, there is a certain reason for it, however I cannot say what it is, I'm sorry.]

 [It's fine.]

 There was a certain part of his real face I wanted to see.

 However, I didn't want there to be any ill feeling of me trying to forcibly see what he had a reason to hide.

 [So, what floor of the dormitory does senpai live on?

 I have never seen you there when it's time to eat.]

 [Well, for the time being, when it comes to staying at the women's dormitory, I am there only as a guard to Ariel-sama.]

 So, does a problem never happen then?

 However I remembered that if permission is received, one can bring a slave into the dormitory.

 Though not a slave, because of matters of Royalty and Nobility, there is a little flexibility that can be requested.

 There is a Noble with a maid in the boy's dormitory after all.

 And naturally, it's because if the maid or servant causes a problem, the responsibility falls to the master.

 Though Fitts-senpai handles the students, Ariel however has her charisma and the Asura Royal Family's power.

 In addition, there is also the matter that Fitts-senpai himself is said to be trusted.

 It was the girl named Goria-de-san… or was it Big Bang Vader -san, who also acknowledged Fitts-senpai's capability.

 And, according to Elinalise's gossip, it seems that Fitts-senpai seems to be considerably popular among the girls.

 The calls Luke gets of Kya~kya~ make him seem like a new guy trying to be trendy. When it comes to the Master, Fitts's listless face causes my heart to become completely twisted up.

 Though when I talk to him, I get the feeling that he's not listless at all.

 However I know what I want to say to him.

 [Come to think of it, Senpai talks rather normally with me.]

 […?]

 [I've heard you are a really reticent person though.]

 [I, that is… I am really quite shy of people.]

 Comparatively, I felt that he spoke to me as if he was myself.

 Despite not being connected, could you call it 'being on the same wavelength'?

 Anyway, as far as when it comes to common knowledge of the school, it's that Fitts says surprisingly next to nothing.

 Coupled with the fact he can use voiceless incantation, he was given the name Fitts of the [Silence].

 Or the [Silent Magician].

 [Fitts-senpai's family name isn't "Raibakku" by any chance is it?]

 [Eh? "Raibakku"… I think maybe the 2nd Generation North God has a name similar to that maybe? Perhaps it's different. Anyway I don't carry such a thing as a family name, since I am not a noble.]

 [You're kidding! You wouldn't happen to consider cooking as one of your strong points?]

 [Umm, I am able to cook… but what's that got to do with a family name…?]

 My joke wasn't caught.

 However was something funny? Fitts-senpai seemed to chuckle.

 A man of many mysteries, Fitts-senpai.

 Even why he is cooperative with me is a mystery.

 But I have no particular plans to expose those mysteries.

 The person in question is also clearly intending to keep it hidden.

 And if that's the intention, then there is a reason for it.

 To help the person hiding it, to expose it forcibly, I would never do such an ungrateful action.

 Of course, it would be a lie to say I am not interested.

 However, there is also Hitogami's advice.

 And moving in accordance to Hitogami's advice, I have met Fitts-senpai.

 From experience up until now, whenever I do something pertaining to Hitogami's advice, it seems to always affect some greater conclusion to an extent.

 In other words, as long as I stay close to Fitts-senpai, a clue pertaining to my medical treatment will eventually be within reach.

 I need not be in a hurry.

 So I thought.

 Vol. 7, Youth Period - Admission volume. -End-

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
