Volume 8  4 — Daughters of the Beast Race Kidnapping and Confinement Incident…

Volume 8 Chapter 4 - 'Daughters of the Beast Race Kidnapping and Confinement Incident - Latter Half'

 

 Part 1

 We returned to the room and a little time had passed.

 A cat-eared and dog-eared girl in school uniforms. Their hands are bound behind their backs with shackles made from earth magic, and they're gagged. Zanoba and I were sitting on chairs, waiting for them to wake up. Didn't I do anything to the girls, you ask? Don't say stupid things. I'm a gentleman, after all.

 "Mguh!?"

 "Nnuuu! Nnuuu!"

 The two of them immediately opened their eyes. Realising the situation they're in, they go 'uuu, uuu'.

 "Good morning."

 While standing up I calmly greeted them, and overlooked the two.

 The two of them are twisting their bodies, and turn their gazes toward me. Though there's a little fear in their eyes, they're glaring at me.

 "Nnuu!"

 A voice of protest. It seems they don't really understand their situation.

 "Now then… where should I start from?"

 I watch the two as I bring my hand to my chin. The two of them are twisting their bodies around so their skirts are overturned, and their young thighs are exposed. It's truly an obscene sight.

 "Hmm."

 "Nnuu!?"

 Pursena noticed where my gaze lay. She then started sniffing and her expression turned into one of unease. Whether it's what I'm looking at, or what I'm thinking about, she understands because of that nose. On the other hand, Rinia doesn't seem to understand, and is still glaring at me going 'huuu huuu'.

 It seems that Pursena's nose is better. In reality, they basically shouldn't be able to smell such a thing from this disease-wracked body of mine but…

 "Hmm."

 And then I suddenly came up with an idea. These animal-eared high school girls were bound, their clothing was in a mess, and they couldn't move. It's incredibly stimulating.

 Could it be that I could cure my sickness using this?

 I've heard that all Asura nobles have perverted inclinations. Since I've lost my DT, I might be able to use this method to awaken instead. I didn't hate this sort of thing in my past life. Well, it's not like it was something I loved though.

 "Hm."

 I immediately try out what came to mind. My two hands are moving in excitement as I approach Pursena, and touch that huge mountain range. She tightly shut her eyes. What an expression. She's acting like I've done something extremely cruel, hasn't she? There are heaps of women in this world who freely let men touch their breasts you know.

 Still, it's a really nice sensation. She's big after all. However, my arousal is weak. Though he should have returned, I didn't hear the first cry of my poor baby. I part my hands from her, my arousal disappears in an instant, and I'm left with a feeling of desolation that has nowhere to go.

 …It really was no use.

 When I removed my hands, Pursena looked blankly for a moment. After sniffing for a bit, she immediately made a relieved face, and then a slightly complicated expression appeared in its stead.

 "Shishou? Are you going to be giving them that sort of punishment?"

 "No, it was just a little test."

 At Zanoba's question, I calmly reply and look at Rinia.

 The moment our gazes meet, Rinia glares at me in anger. I may touch her as well. She’s smaller than Pursena, but she's got some fine ones as well. Generally speaking there are a lot of huge ones in the Dorudia clan.

 However, as expected my tomcat doesn't rejoice. Basically the only thing that changes is that Rinia's gaze is filled with even more humiliation and anger, it seems. It's been said that to those interested in bondage, pushing the owner of such a gaze into further despair is the ultimate joy. It's something I understood in my past life. However, it seems that it's a little different from when I see it on a monitor.

 I don't gain anything from it. The test ends.

 "Now then, do you know what you two have done?"

 First, I made sure. The two of them looked at each other and both shook their heads. Since Rinia seems like she'll be noisy, I ungag Pursena. After thinking for a little, she sighs.

 "…We shouldn't have like, done anything to you nano."

 "Hohhh, haven't done anything!"

 I repeat her words affectedly, and snap my fingers. Zanoba timidly brought over a box. Then when the box was opened, inside were the cruel remains of the Roxy doll.

 "The one who did this was you, right?"

 "…Like what about that disgusting doll?"

 "Disgusting!"

 I repeated Pursena's words. To say that Roxy was disgusting! The Roxy that I had poured my effort into, and whose craftsmanship was good enough that it could sell! Dis-gus-ting! No, calm down. Be cool.

 "This is a doll made in the shape of my god."

 "G-, god?"

 "That's right. Because I was saved by her, I came to know the world."

 While speaking, I move to the corner of my room. There sits a small shrine. When I moved into this room I immediately set up a shrine. When I open the small double doors, the insides are revealed.

 "Mmmm!"

 "L-, like what is this nano…?"

 "S-, Shishou, this is…"

 "…"

 At the sight of the divinity of the god enshrined there, it seems the two of them were deeply struck. Even Zanoba winced, and Julie was pulling at Zanoba's clothing looking as though she was about to cry.

 "That figurine is my god. You two kicked it, stomped on it, and broke it into pieces."

 Rinia and Pursena's eyes widened and they looked between my face and the shrine. They then slowly look at Zanoba, and Julie who is about to cry. They return their gazes to me. During this whole chain of look about, their faces gradually paled. Their faces are like Blu-ray Discs, huh?

 It seems that they understood just what it was that they had done.

 "Now then, do you have any excuses?"

 Pursena thought about my question for a few seconds. She then spoke.

 "Y-, you're mistaken the one who stepped on it was Rinia I like told her to stop."

 "Mmm!?"

 For her to make excuses before apologising… Hmph, very well. Since it's amusing, I'll undo Rinia's gag.

 When I did, the two of them started clamouring in high pitched voices.

 "The one who said it was gross so we didn't nyeed it was Pursena, nya!"

 "But the one who like stepped on it was Rinia, nano."

 "Ah, my foot just slipped. Besides, Pursena was the one who kicked it in the end and broke it into pieces nya. When she saw Zanoba picking up the pieces even deep into the nyight, she was snickering at him nya!"

 To search for those small fragments even deep into the night… Even though the ankle parts are as small as a pinky. Zanoba-kun, a guy like you is…

 Right now my impression of Zanoba has tripled. You're heading straight down the Rudeus Route, aren't you, Zanoba! Oop, let's leave that aside for now.

 "SHUT UP! You two are guilty of the same crime."

 First I'll shut up this unsightly act. Then,

 "Your crimes must be punished."

 I hand down my judgement.

 "Though I say this, my religious sect was only recently created so we don't have a precedent on what to do during times like this. What kind of punishment is given in your village during times like this?"

 "I-, if you do anything weird to us, Tou-chan and Jii-chan won't stay quiet, nya. Even in the Great Forest we're two of the best warriors after all, nya! Ah…"

 It seems that Rinia has recalled it. That Gyes and Gustav are my acquaintances. Then I remember. The Great Forest's 『Punishment』.

 "Gyes-san? Ahh, I've remembered. I was given false charges by him. I was said to have done something indecent to Holy Beast-sama, and was stripped naked, had cold water splashed all over me, and spent a week in jail. I see, so shall we do something like that for you two as well?"

 By the way, I'm not in the least resentful about that incident. However, that's how these girls seemed to have interpreted it. The two of them are speechless and have become horribly pale. As expected, to that race, that punishment amounted to a terrible torture.

 "N-, no, I'll do whatever you want so just spare me from that nya."

 "You can do like whatever you want to Rinia's body so please have mercy on just me nano!"

 "Right nya, you can do whatever you want to me s-… Uehhh!?"

 Even when the two of them are begging they're doing a manzai routine. They sure aren't reflecting enough. Especially the dog.

 "Your Dorudia tribe was really cruel when this happened to your esteemed Holy Beast-sama, you know? Whenever something happened they'd suspect me and pile false charges on me. Compared to that, your crimes are the truth, through and through."

 "I'm begging you, please forgive me… I didn't know it was such an important doll…!"

 "Indeed, that does seem to be the case."

 "I like won't do it a second time…"

 What 'second time'? Like you'd be able to do it a second time. Things that are broken will never come back, you know. Do these guys understand how it feels for a person to have their precious things broken in front of them? Even now I remember that moment. When my younger brother destroyed my laptop with a bat. I don't have any intention of getting angry about that all over again though. All I remember is the despair and emotions I felt at the time. They're emotions I had when my only emotional support was broken into pieces!

 "I'll apologise nya, I'll even show you my belly nya…"

 "That's right, though it's embarassing I'll like bear with it too nano."

 Show her belly? Ahh, it's the Beast Race's dogeza that Gyes did, huh? Even if I see that kind of insincere dogeza, I won't be able to calm down.

 "If you want to be forgiven then fix this doll!"

 R O X Y, R O X Y!

 "Right, even Shishou can't mend it!"

 Zanoba condemns the two of them.

 But Zanoba, it's not like I can't fix it you know. You've got all the parts here, and the most important part, the cane is untouched. I've gotten more skilled at this than I was when I made this. Without any marks, beautifully…

 Mn?

 That's right. I can fix it. I can fix it, huh! It's not like it'll never come back.

 They've apologised too. The two of them are repenting. I feel like it's fine even if I forgive them. Or more like, this is a crime, isn't it? If this comes to light, on the contrary we'll be the one in trouble, huh. For example if this scene was seen by a certain spear-wielding baldy…

 No! That's not the problem! The problem is that these two easily broke what someone else held precious! But if I let them off easy here, they'll definitely do this again! I have to carve reflection into their bodies! In the name of the Roxy Faith!

 Speaking of which, since I've calmed down a bit, I'm reminded of some rather more esoteric punishments.

 "Zanoba, do you have any ideas?"

 "Let's have them suffer what the doll did."

 Zanoba's eyes were extremely ruthless. It seems that he's still angry. It's natural; it happened before his eyes after all.

 If I said 'shall we?' he probably would leave them in the same state as the Roxy doll. They'd be broken into little pieces by his hands. He'd do it. This man would do it. The Neck-Ripping Prince is in good health.

 "No, Zanoba. Killing them is probably going too far. I don't like killing people."

 "In that case let's sell them to a slave merchant. Though it's forbidden to sell those of the Dorudia clan, if I remember correctly there's an Asura noble family that finds the Beast Race irresistible. The daughters of the Dorudia clan's chiefs… If they could make someone like that into a slave, even if it was breaking the law they'd buy them."

 Zanoba was wild-eyed. Having said that, selling them as slaves is also probably going too far. It might end up as a war with the Beast Race.

 "That Asura family is currently on the verge of being wiped out, so it'd probably be difficult."

 I wonder what's happened with the Boreas family. Not a lot of information reaches up here in the north. Just that it's in quite a severe condition and it might only be a matter of time before the family is wiped out.

 "Listen up, Zanoba. Even if they're like this, they're princesses. If we don't use a method that doesn't cause too many problems, this matter will come back to bite us."

 "As expected of Shishou; even when blood is rushing through your head, to still be thinking about how to protect yourself is…"

 "Be silent."

 Mmmmn. What should I do? At this rate I won't be able to feel better. It might be good to just continue looking at this lovely sight. Though this isn't really my hobby, these two are counted as bishoujo as well.

 No, no, in the first place this might have become a problem the moment we kidnapped them. It'd be better not to hold them captive for too long a time.

 These two seem to be reflecting as well. I can fix the doll. I'd really like to get this over with on the spot, but…

 Mmmn.

 Part 2

 If I'm troubled, then I consult Fitts-senpai for help. Lately I've fallen into something like a pattern. Fitts-senpai is knowledgable after all, and will reply properly for most problems.

 "Wa-, wait a moment. Doesn't this mean that those two girls are in your room right now, Rudeus-kun…?"

 "They are, huh… Please be at ease. I've properly made sure they have an excuse for missing classes today, and have contacted the school."

 "Umm, that's, by catching them, that is, in other words, right now those girls are confined together in a room with Zanoba-kun?"

 Oh. So you could see it like that? Two kemonomimi bishoujo are being confined, huh? I think it was on my previous life's "List of Things to Do before I Die". But what I wanted to do back in the day was a step beyond this; a step that I don't have the ability to take at the moment.

 "Rudeus-kun, that, umm, after you confined them, did you umm…?"

 Fitts-senpai's face was bright red and he was looking at me a bit like he didn't know me or something. No good. He seems to have misunderstood.

 "No, I haven't done anything sexual, you know."

 "R-, really?"

 "At the most I rubbed their chest a little."

 "Y-, you touched their chest…?"

 "Yeah. I had something I wanted to test out, so."

 "…? Umm, you didn't touch them with 'that' kind of meaning in mind?"

 What kind of meaning is 'that' kind of meaning? No, in other words he's asking if I was touching them with something sexual in mind. Broadly speaking, you can certainly take it that way. However, from my point of view, in the end it's just for the sake of medical treatment, and was just an experiment.

 "I don't think it was 'that' kind of meaning."

 Fitts-senpai looked a little relieved.

 "I-, I see. But that'll be a problem, you know. Even if they're like that, they're still the daughters of Dorudia clan chiefs after all."

 "Please be at ease. The clan chief and the chief warrior are acquaintances, after all."

 "Eh!? Really!?"

 "Yes. As long as I say something like 'they were slacking off in school so I had to whip them into shape', I'm sure they'll understand."

 "H-, how did they become your acquaintances!? The Dorudia clan are really seclusive so it's rare to be able to meet someone like the clan chief, you know."

 I told Fitts-senpai about the incident in the Great Forest. It was a pretty shameful episode of my life if you ask me. Saving children and then being caught, and after that being liberated and spending each day playing with a dog and such, or making figurines. It was that kind of lifestyle after all.

 "Hahh, you're amazing aren't you, Rudeus-kun…"

 Thought it was a shameful story, Fitts-senpai let out a breath of admiration. Just what part of that story was amazing exactly?

 "For the holy beast to become attached to you…"

 I see. Now that it's mentioned, just why did Holy Beast-sama come over to me anyway? I get that it was Gisu's fault, but… There's no way that it really came to like me.

 "Even though it's just a mongrel, it seems to at least understand that I saved it, huh?"

 "You can't let a Beast Person hear you talking like that, okay?"

 Obviously, if someone called Roxy a filthy demon or something and made fun of her in front of me, I'd get angry after all. I intend to clearly avoid crossing the line.

 "Anyway, please lend me your wisdom again, Fitts-senpai. A punishment that'll satisfy me and get rid of my resentment, but isn't so harsh so that they won't seek revenge from me. Do you have any ideas?"

 "That's a difficult question, huh?"

 Even so, Fitts-senpai went 'mmmmm' as he was thinking. I had thought that he'd have asked me to release them immediately though.

 "I'm the same, you know. I can't forgive people that gang up on others, snatch away their belongings and destroy them."

 Or so he said. I completely agree.

 Incidentally, he and Zanoba have become close enough to greet each other when passing by. Hearing about what happened to an acquaintance, he got angry as well. I had thought so while we were buying slaves as well, but Fitts-senpai might have a strong sense of justice.

 "Alright, I've got a good idea."

 "Hohh."

 Since a line like that is usually bad news, I decide it best not to say anything. Well whatever.

 And so our investigation finishes early that day, and Fitts-senpai and I head back to the room together.

 Part 3

 When I return to the room, I find that a sharp smell is wafting about. The bed is wet. It completely stinks. Pursena and Rinia are completely out of it, and have no strength left.

 …It might have been better to let them use the toilet at least.

 Since it really was unpleasant, I used magic to dry them, I opened up the windows for some air, and removing their soiled panties and skirts, wiped them clean. The clothes end up laundered.

 Just to mention it, since they aren't completely naked, it should be fine. Thinking this, I had a look at their expressions to check, but the two of them had completely resigned themselves to everything.

 "At least you could have just treated us violently nya… but if you were going to keep us like pets in your room, you could have at least undone the handcuffs nya… it's really tough nyot being able to move nya… I won't run away, so please nya…"

 It seems that for a cat-type like her, being restrained for about 24 hours was really tough.

 "We'll be good girls, so at least let us like eat please. I like won't bark at night… I like won't bite either… I like wanna eat meat… I'm like hungry nano…"

 I didn't notice up until now, but this one seems to be a glutton character. Thinking about it, when we first met she was eating meat, wasn't she?

 Still, to give up after just one day… It might really be because she had nothing to eat. When you're hungry, you become weak hearted after all.

 I undo their handcuffs. When I do, the two of them kneel in front of me. Because they're not wearing anything below, it's outrageously erotic. My lips unconsciously extend into a perverted smile. Unfortunately the thing downstairs doesn't extend as well.

 "Rudeus-kun…"

 It's the voice of Fitts-senpai who's right beside me, washing their skirts and panties.

 "Ummm… Since the two of them do seem to have reflected, I wonder if it wouldn't be best to forgive them already…? Though you might not have calmed down yet, not being able to move for a whole day is really tough you know? Since this is a man's dorm, there are lots of 'hungry' men around so the two of them must have been scared too."

 "Right nya."

 "Everytime I heard footsteps I thought it was like all over for me nano…"

 No, as far as I know there shouldn't be that many 'hungry' men around at all. We're allowed to go outside, and if you were starving for women you could just head to the red light district or something, and lately all of the first years are fine because of the rumoured man-eating elf. Or was it dangerous for them because they've made a lot of enemies? Ahh, but there might be a lot of people who would just sell them off to a slave merchant if they found two girls bound like this.

 "From now on we'll listen to what you say nya, we'll become your henchmen nya."

 "That's why please like forgive us nano."

 The two of them are pretty regretful. At least they look regretful.

 "It's not like I have any absurd requests for you… but I won't forgive you if you make light of Roxy."

 Just saying that was enough to cause the two to turn ghastly pale and nod repeatedly.

 "Of course, nya. It wouldn't be strange even if we were killed after making fun of someone else's god nya."

 "Uuu, I suddenly remembered like the terror of being chased by the Order of the Temple…"

 When I told them that I had family in the Order of the Temple as well, the two of them became even more pale. It seems that the saying about having money and connections was right.

 After a little while.

 The laundry is done and the two of them happily put on their clothing. Just why is the action of putting on panties so arousing? To me it's even more erotic than watching them take them off.

 They've learned their place and put on their clothes. Because of this, their attitude returned.

 "Even if I said that we'd listen to what you say, I won't do anything like making babies with you nya. That kind of thing is for after we've properly dated and married nya."

 "That's right. But it's fine if you just want to like touch Rinia's boobs a little nano."

 "Right nya, if it's fine if you just want to… WHY ME NYA!?"

 "I'm expensive. If you gave me like, expensive meat, nano."

 Though these two girls are delinquents, they're relatively chaste. As expected of princesses.

 Still, half of that meek attitude from before was acting, huh? As long as they've really reflected then it's fine but…

 "Ah, that's right, Rudeus-kun. Be careful of being ambushed, okay?"

 At Fitts-senpai's words, the two of them made shocked expressions.

 "Nya!? Hang on, Fitts, don't say weird things nya!"

 "That's right!"

 "Boss is a messed up fiend of a man nya, if we lose again who knyows what would happen to us, so just who would do something like that!?"

 Just who is a fiend of a man? That's a really horrible way of putting it. But if they're this scared of me, then at least I'll be able to sleep soundly at night.

 "Boss, can we like go yet nano?"

 Pursena tilts her head slightly as she asks. Which reminds me, what's this 'boss' business? Not that I mind.

 "I'm hungry, so I wanna go back nano, to eat meat."

 "Right nya, we haven't eaten or drunk since yesterday evening nyaa…"

 What's with that? It's like I'm the bad guy here! Have they really reflected enough?

 "It seems like they haven't reflected enough, huh."

 The one who said that was Fitts-senpai.

 "Fitts, this has nyothing to with you nya."

 "That's right… Like, fakku nano…"

 Fitts-senpai has become a little shocked. I shouted.

 "You two, seiza!"

 The two of them unwillingly sit down. Fitts-senpai produced a bottle from his chest. It's a bottle with black paint inside. Then he produces a brush. This is what you'd call a 'good idea'.

 Part 4

 When we're done, my anger is almost completely gone.

 "…Fitts, we'll remember this nya…"

 "Like, fakku nano…"

 The two of them are making resentful expressions. Both of their eyebrows are joined together into a monobrow, and there are eyes drawn on their eyelids. There's a beard that looks like something a thief might have drawn on their faces.

 And then on their cheeks.

 『I'm a cat who lost to Rudeus』

 『I'm a dog who lost to Rudeus』

 It's a new style of bodypainting. It's a bit arousing, huh.

 "I've used a paint that a certain clan uses to leave tattoos on their bodies. If I use a special chant it won't come off for the rest of your life."

 It seems to be such a paint. I guess it's this world's tattoo. Speaking of which, I saw such a thing a number of times during my adventurer days.

 "It won't disappear if you just wash it with water you know. If you oppose Rudeus again, I'll use magic to make sure it doesn't disappear for your whole life!"

 "I, I get it nya, I won't do such a thing nya."

 "…I like get it nano."

 The two nodded whilst trembling in trepidation. They're making some pretty terrible expressions, huh? If it becomes permanent they probably won't be able to become brides. Fitts-senpai is pretty nasty as well.

 "You can leave for today, but you'll be spending all of tomorrow like that. If you do so, I'll erase it for you. However, the stuff on your bodies I won't erase for half a year!"

 "I get it, please forgive us nya."

 "…-sniff-"

 Pursena is in tears. By the way, some pretty indecent words are written on their backs. If it becomes permanent they'll probably live in shame for the rest of their lives.

 Since we'd get in trouble if the two of them are seen in the hallway, they left from the window. It's the 2nd floor here, but it'll probably be okay. It's only the 2nd floor after all.

 Just before leaving, as if she suddenly remembered, Rinia asked,

 "Boss, even though you're just a magician, what kind of training did you do to be able to see my movements?"

 "I didn't do anything special. I just followed my Shishou's teachings and did things like she said."

 The training that I did with Eris wasn't for nothing, I guess. I always thought of myself as weak. Comparing myself to Eris' growth, I had thought that I wasn't growing at all. However, it seems that we were just growing at different rates, and I might have become strong as well.

 "Who's your Shishou, nya?"

 "Umm, it's Ghyslaine I guess."

 "By Ghyslaine… you mean my aunt?"

 "Yeah, that's right. Ghyslaine the Sword King."

 "…I see nya."

 Saying that, she made an accepting expression.

 "Bye then, nya."

 "Later, boss. I'm like really sorry about the doll nano."

 Said the two, and they left.

 "Sorry, Rudeus-kun. Even though I'm unrelated, I got carried away."

 "No, it was good to see the two of them afraid like that."

 More importantly.

 "You said that you'd need a special chant, but if there were others who knew the chant wouldn't it be bad?"

 It seems the two don't really know, but the tool has already been used and this chant isn't something that only Fitts-senpai knows. If someone chanted the spell as a joke… Thinking this, I feel they're a little pitiful.

 "Eh? Ah, mmn, that was a lie."

 Fitts-senpai spoke rather blankly.

 "There certainly is a paint like that, but the one I used was just a normal one for drawing magic circles. It'll come off in the wash."

 Fitts-senpai spoke while giggling. Almost like a child whose prank succeeded. I relaxed.

 Part 5

 Fitts-senpai stayed in my room for a little longer. For some reason he was fidgety and couldn't calm down. Walking back and forth in my room, he asked many times about this or that that he found curious.

 "What's this? Is there something inside?"

 Fitts-senpai had a good eye and pointed at the shrine.

 "The god that my faith worships is enshrined in there."

 "Huh? So you weren't a follower of the Milis Religion, Rudeus-kun. Could I have a look?"

 "The Roxy Faith is… Please don't open it!"

 I stopped Fitts-senpai who was about to open the shrine. Our god is divine and isn't something for outsiders to gaze upon. And geez, what was up with me yesterday? Even if I showed them the panties, they just drew away from me.

 "Ah, sorry."

 Fitts-senpai withdrew his hand in a fluster. After that he looked and this and that, but then suddenly his gaze stopped on top of my bed. He picks up my pillow.

 "This pillow is making grainy sounds, huh."

 "It's a self-made pillow."

 A self-made pillow. The Mustard Turrents monsters in the forests of the north drop seeds. There are nuts inside that resemble walnuts, but the shell resembles buckwheat chaff. That's why I crushed it and put it into a sack, which I then covered with monster fur. Since the day I completed it, I've been assured a good night's sleep.

 "Hehh… Do you mind if I try it out a little?"

 "Feel free."

 Fitts-senpai put down the pillow and lay on my bed.

 "It's a good pillow, isn't it?"

 "You're the only one who's said that."

 The only other person who's tried it is Elinalise. She said "The best pillow is a man's arm" though.

 "…"

 Even laying down he won't take off his glasses. It's something he's probably picky about. I wonder if he'll let me see his real face one day. No, on the other hand, Fitts-senpai in sunglasses might be the real him.

 …If I reached out my hand now, and took them off, what would happen?

 No, it's probably not just pickiness; he did say that he had a reason. For example he might have a complex about his eyes. I'd better forget it. I don't want to be hated.

 "…"

 Fitts-senpai is still laying down, and for a while a silence hangs in the air. It might be because he's noticed my gaze, but Fitts-senpai sits up.

 "It's about time I return to Ariel-sama."

 "I see. Thank you for today."

 "Mmn, see you later, Rudeus-kun."

 "Thank you very much for everything."

 "You're very welcome."

 Fitts-senpai left through the window. Though I was thinking 'just leave from through the corridor', it might be that the window is closer to the girls' dorm. Well whatever.

 ------

 A little smell was left in my room. I spread a powder that adventurers used to remove smells and lay on my bed. There's a smell that's different from usual coming from my pillow. It might be Fitts-senpai's scent. It's not unpleasant.

 "Huu…"

 This time abducting those two girls ended up in a pretty erotic situation, but as expected there are no signs of being cured. Whether it was looking at them or rubbing them, neither worked out.

 There's no progress.

 ------

 This is something that happened later, but those scribbles on their faces were seen by Zanoba the next day. Zanoba didn't seem as though he'd forgive them with only something like that. However, after being told "You didn't even do anything this time", in conjunction with showing him my emergency repairs of the Roxy doll, he immediately started to smile widely and forgave them.

 Also, though their confinement had almost become a problem,

 "It's nyot a big deal! Nyothing happened, I just lost a duel and got this drawn on in their room as a prank, nya!"

 "That's right… Nothing happened at all… Really, nothing happened at all nano… -tremble tremble-…"

 Or so the two of them insisted, and so it didn't turn into a big problem.

 All's well that ends well.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
