Volume 8  7 — Precipice of Engagement - First Part

Volume 8 Chapter 7 - Precipice of Engagement - First Part

 

 Part 1

 Onigashima.

 Biheiriru Kingdom, the Northern lands on the far eastern tip.

 Even further east from there.

 After crossing the ocean, that island is there.

 Onigashima.

 A small island called as such.

 There lives a unique race known as the Ogre Race.

 With dark brown hair and a horn on their head, a strong combat group of fighters lead by a Chief known as Ogre God.

 The Ogre Race, they are a variety of Demon Race, but they didn't participate in the Human-Demon war or the Laplace campaign.

 For that reason the people don't consider them a part of Demon Race and recognize them as a similar race to the Elves and Dwarves.

 Even though that's the case, because they fundamentally never leave Onigashima, their popularity is low.

 The number of those who don't know about the existence of Onigashima is large.

 They are a seclusive race.

 The only human race they are connected with are those of the Biheiriru Kingdom.

 Outsiders who enter within their territory are mercilessly attacked and destroyed.

 However, that race as well openly welcomes guests who they recognize for themselves.

 Currently, there's one such guest here.

 He came here journeying on the ship of the Sea Race, but after approaching this island his interest was piqued so he came to land.

 Through great fusses he came to be approved by the Ogre God, and was a person treated as a guest.

 He settled down on the comfortable Onigashima.

 He talked with the frank and sociable Ogre God, drank alcohol together with the Ogres, and occasionally participated in training with the young Ogres.

 That sort of lifestyle continued for roughly two years.

 To that guest, the time of several years is a period of time almost like an instant.

 One day a letter arrived for that guest.

 It was sent as an urgent job request in which an S rank adventurer sent out the letter in a hurry.

 The contents were short and concise.

 "Found the person being searched for in the Magic Triumvirate. Traveling towards Ranoa Kingdom Magic University several months after."

 After seeing that letter the guest stood up.

 After seeing the letter's content and that guest's face the Ogre God asked.

 "Are you going?"

 The guest nodded in an exaggerated way and responded as such.

 "Humu. It won't be good if I don't get going soon."

 The ogres who heard that each said.

 That it would become lonely.

 Please don't go.

 Wouldn't it be fine to live here?

 After being told as such the guest nodded with a "Humu."

 "I would really like to do that. However, the life span of the human race is short, if I keep taking my time, slowly he might end up passing away. It was a short period but I enjoyed myself. We'll meet again."

 Only the Ogre God didn't try to restrain him.

 He said just a single line, "Take care of yourself."

 The words of the Ogre God that is the decision of the Ogres.

 Even while feeling reluctance to part, the other Ogres obeyed his decision.

 However, at least…

 At least… a final banquet.

 In response to those words, the settlement of Ogres held a grand banquet.

 The Ogres held a match where they often boasted of their skill similar to Sumo, as well as a number of drinking contests, the Ogre God and the guest both greatly enjoyed themselves.

 And then, the guest set off feeling good.

 A good humored man that one day suddenly came along and spent close to two years freeloading in the village.

 He fought the Ogre God, was defeated, but the next day he revived, he was defeated over and over again as he continued to revive, and then before one realized it he had come to get along with the Ogres, the immortal man.

 A large man with jet black skin and six arms.

 "Fuhahahahaha! Just you wait!"

 He plunged towards the west.

 A certain country was surprised over his sudden invasion and attacked with Advanced level magic,

 A certain country was surprised over his sudden invasion and offered tribute.

 However, he ignored everything.

 He continued plunging forward to the west.

 Passing the forest, overcoming the mountains, with a speed surpassing that at which the human race could relay information.

 By the time the various countries set out to search for his objective, he had already passed through that country and arrived in the next.

 West and further west.

 With an overwhelming speed.

 And then he arrived.

 "Humu, it is here."

 At the Magic University.

 ---Rudeus Point of View---

 Since I entered the Magic University time has flown by, it's already been six months.

 The season is autumn, an autumn of good harvest.

 This season is extremely short.

 However, it's an essential harvesting period for the sake of overcoming the bitter winter, unusually it's a season where festivals are thrown in the town as well…

 And then in regards to the Beast Race it has a special implication of going into heat.

 During this season the Beast race men and women all get restless.

 It's not as if the Magic University has that many Beast race enrolled.

 Even if you were to look at the 10,000 students, it would be at best 5%.

 That's still around 500 people.

 If you think about how vast the Magic University is then it's not all that many.

 It's not all that many, but during this season you can catch sights of those few dueling in various places.

 The ones dueling are men and women.

 During this season the Beast race duel the opposite sex in order to become companions.

 After the duel ends, they will end up flirting for several months, and then marry after.

 It seems that the one who wins the duel becomes the Boss of that "family."

 Well, it seems limited to just being a [Custom that has continued since the past.]

 In regards to the Beast race, Rinia and Pursena are [flowers beyond reach].

 In terms of combat ability they're at the top class among the Beast race at this school.

 And then they are the princesses of the Dorudia race, so of course they would be popular.

 Following the customs of the human race, they are regarded as adults at 15 years old, and a great number of Beast race have challenged them to duels.

 Among them are even those who have gone out of their way to travel a long distance to come as well.

 Outsiders are forbidden from entering.

 Normally it would be a concern from the school's side to stop them.

 But, during the in-heat period, since it's a reproduction custom, it's an extremely delicate problem.

 If they were to forbid everything, there's the possibility that the Beast Race students would riot.

 Therefore, from the school side, if you properly get permission, you can use "observing the grounds" as a pretext to enter even if you're not a student.

 Well then, Rinia and Pursena.

 In regards to the courtship of those two and winning a duel, that would in other words mean aiming at the patriarch seat of the Dedorudia race.

 You won't become the patriarch right away, but at the time when the patriarch is chosen, you would without a doubt be included among the candidates.

 Although, since they came all this way for the purpose of studying, it's not like they can just decide on their marriage themselves.

 When they turned 15 years old they rejected all of the marriage proposals.

 However, even after taking such an attitude, the number of Beast race warriors coming to propose never decreased.

 They're popular.

 Supposedly there were those among them that forcefully tried to attack them.

 Nothing but people who think that as long as they can establish a relationship after the fact then it's fine.

 Since that becomes the case, the two end up secluding themselves to their dorm rooms during this season.

 Rejecting them is too much of a pain.

 Even if they reject them they'll be attacked by starving men.

 The female dorm can't be called safe, but at the very least if someone were to intrude on the dorm, all of the girls would drive them out.

 Therefore, during this season the two didn’t come out of their rooms.

 Since that's the case, they took a vacation from homeroom as well.

 I wonder if this is the so called physiological holiday.

 The fact that it's the in-heat period would mean that the two are currently in such a state.

 When I think that those two are getting all nyannyan-wanwan in their rooms I get a bit aroused as well.

 Although, it's limited to just getting excited in my head.

 I received a letter in my place from them stating, "We'll cause a bit of trouble for Boss, but we're depending on you after."

 Even if you tell me you're depending on me after, I haven't done anything in particular.

 I wonder if that means they want me to work as their proxy or something.

 It's impossible since I don't even know what classes they show up to.

 Furthermore, it's not just the Beast Race that goes into heat in autumn.

 And then during this season the Magic University won't stand for rape-like incidents.

 I guess you could call it an evil practice for those of mixed races.

 I can agree with the firm security stance they take at each of the dorms.

 If it's between the same race during heat then you could call it the so called natural providence, but if it comes down to a completely unrelated first year, they might be attacked without having any idea what is going on.

 Of course, the action of rape is prohibited in the school rules.

 For that reason, during this season there's security guards posted within the school.

 Rape is no good, but if it's pushing someone down with "consent" during a duel then it's okay.

 And attacking someone after they've rejected your challenge to a duel is strictly forbidden.

 It seems it's that sort of feeling.

 There was a warning about it even from the teacher in homeroom.

 During this season you shouldn't carelessly accept duels, and anyone lacking confidence in their combat power should always remain together in groups when they move around.

 Fitts-senpai worried about me as well and told me to be careful.

 Since you're strong, there might be some women who come along and challenge you to a "mere training duel", but that is a lie, so after you reject it, no matter how much they provoke you don't accept it and quickly escape while being careful of your back.

 Women in heat.

 If it was the old me then I might have gone around dueling everyone right and left to build up a harem.

 However, with this body that is being violated by illness, even if I did something like that it would just end up bitter.

 The in-heat period.

 It is something that is of no relation to me.

 Look, what has relation to me are the two young ones over there.

 The two who cleared things up and ended up becoming lovers, an elf and a human boy.

 The eternally in-heat elf is sitting on the lap of the boy and studying together.

 No really, from morning to night it's hot over there.

 The heart bubbles are drifting over here…

 However, putting aside Cliff, the way in which Elinalise acts looks the same as she does with other men to me.

 Since I felt that it would be pitiful to report to Cliff, I won't say it out loud but…

 Frankly, I can't see it as anything but an act.

 I wonder if everything is all right between those two.

 "Shisho, wouldn't it be a good time to start with a new work?"

 While I was looking at those two, Zanoba started a conversation.

 He was operating normally.

 He knows nothing and doesn’t care about the heat period, basically sums it up.

 "A new work huh?"

 The other day, in order to rehabilitate I started to create a 1/8 Eris, but for some reason when I started making it tears were coming out so I gave up midway.

 Since then, somehow my skill has been dulled.

 I wonder if it's a slump.

 "That's right, who should we create?"

 "We might as well just move away from people."

 "Then, should we try making a Red Dragon?"

 "Oh, come to think of it you once beat one didn't you?"

 "That time was terrible, I thought I would die."

 "Wawawa, how modest."

 "…Master, what are you talking about?"

 Since Julie was tilting her head, I told her about how I defeated a Red Dragon in my adventurer days.

 And then, her cheeks flushed red and her eyes were sparkling.

 After all, it seems like the children of this world like these sorts of stories.

 She's not really receiving child-like treatment, but even then she's still six years old.

 "Alright, then, I'll make a Red Dragon for Julie's sake."

 "Mu…Shi…shisho, what about me? Won't you make anything for me?"

 "If she's your disciple as well, shouldn't you say something about helping out?"

 "…!! Ha…Shisho, even though my ability is poor I will help out!"

 Even with my slightly bad pace, I'm operating normally as well.

 My Elementary class Barrier lesson will end soon as well.

 Next is well… these days I'm a bit worried over what class I should try taking.

 I guess, it should be Intermediate level Detoxification.

 However, up until now, I've never been troubled over Detoxification.

 Just by remembering Elementary level I've more or less covered everything else, I wonder if Intermediate or above is necessary.

 Or else maybe I should take Advanced level Healing.

 As well as this, most things can be covered with just Intermediate, so I wonder if it's really necessary.

 Or else, maybe I should look into the Summoning category, Enchanting class.

 Enchanting is a kind of magic related to the production of Magic Tools.

 Why something that has to do with production would be categorized as Summoning I don't really know but…

 It might not be too bad to consider it a challenge into learning a new field.

 Might as well just skip out on taking classes and increase the time I spend in the library.

 The things in regards to the teleport incident have reached a bit of an impasse, but trying to learn some other race's languages might be interesting.

 If I'm not going to take classes, then what about having Cliff teach me Divine-attack?

 No, he's recently been stuck to Elinalise.

 I don't really want to be thought of as a hindrance, I'll keep my distance for a bit.

 Or else, maybe I should try looking into some other field of magic.

 Horse-riding classes might be interesting as well.

 While thinking like that the day continued on.

 A peaceful day.

 Part 2

 Is what I was thinking until…

 "I recognize you as the A rank Adventurer who defeated a Stray Dragon, the lone horseman, Rudeus of the Quagmire! I challenge you to a customary courtship duel!"

 While I was on the way to the library I was challenged to a duel.

 After turning around what was reflected in my eyes was a beautiful girl.

 A girl with dark skin and flowing dark blue hair that was gathered behind her.

 In terms of age she should be 17 or 18.

 Her mouth was tightly linked and her looks in a single word would be, dignified.

 If I were to say it, then I guess it would be something like a female warrior.

 Her clothes were an ultramarine color that stood out. I wonder if she likes blue.

 Her chest was reasonable.

 She seems to have quite the nice bit of muscle as well.

 On her hip was a long sword with a curve that is commonly used by the Sword God style swordsmen.

 Her clothes weren't a uniform, but swordsman-like clothes.

 Such a girl was looking in my direction.

 If I were to state it precisely, she was looking at the person in front of me with a surprised face.

 She was looking at the untalented Beast race covered in fuzzy hair that challenged me to a duel.

 That's right.

 The one that said it was an untalented man.

 No matter how you look at it he wasn't a magician, he was a dog-eared Beast Race with bulging muscles.

 The girl was probably just passing by.

 I think anyone would be surprised if a large man nearby suddenly said something like that.

 It is that sort of season right now after all.

 She probably was wondering if it was said to herself.

 "Umm."

 Well, putting aside the girl.

 The problem is the man.

 I'm a man and this guy is a man.

 That would mean that I received a challenge to a duel from a man.

 It's a huge problem.

 "Isn't it that the courtship duels that are popular during this season?"

 "Indeed!"

 Ha?!

 "Sorry about this, but, umm, even if I look like this I'm generally normal, so please excuse me from the homosexual stuff. Please allow me to humbly reject this offer."

 "It seems there's a bit of a misunderstanding."

 "Excuse me, since I have piano practice, I will now take my leave from this place if you please…"

 After I rejected him, without listening to anything further I left the place.

 I acted just as Fitts-senpai told me.

 "Wait?!"

 Is what I was going for, but the hairy man jumped up with a loud sound.

 And then he jumped over me and landed in front of me.

 It was a jumping strength almost like reverse joints.

 He could become a Dragon Knight.

 "You have no right to reject! My name is Buruku Adorudia! I seek marriage with Pursena with the intent to become the head of the Adorudia!"

 "Pursena-senpai is currently in the dorm taking an in-heat holiday, so please ask over there."

 After saying that Buruku shook his head and spat out an insult.

 "According to the words left behind by Pursena-sama, I have identified you as the Boss of the group! I have heard of your fame from Gyes-dono! That act of freezing the entire forest during the rainy season! That ability that allowed you to kill a Red Dragon as a lone horseman! It's certainly a true ability appropriate for one that rules this school, you're not lacking as an opponent!"

 Lone horseman, lone horseman you've been saying it since just now, but I travel by foot you know.

 Well it's fine though…

 "What will happen if I refuse?"

 "As the boss of the group you have an obligation to accept the duel!"

 Let's sort things out a bit.

 In other words.

 The other day after I defeated Rinia and Pursena in a duel, I've come to be known as their boss.

 If you desire for the b*tch under the boss, then defeating the boss is how it goes.

 Then, if he were to defeat me, he would get his hands on Pursena as the prize.

 It seems that accepting a duel is the obligation of the group's boss.

 I didn't become the boss of that group of girls because I wanted to, but it seems that it doesn't matter.

 It's the Animal Rule.

 In other words, if I were to intentionally lose, I would be dismissed as the boss of the group, and Pursena would become this guy's bride.

 After this, it would stand to reason that guys like this would no longer have a reason to come and challenge me to a duel.

 "Now I advance… let's fight!"

 Without waiting for my response, Buruku yelled out loudly and came leaping at me.

 ……

 ……

 …

 Well, what the.

 He was all talk.

 He came plunging at me from the front, caught his legs in a bog, and was knocked out with a rock bullet.

 Around three seconds I'd say.

 It seems I somehow or other defeated him reflexively, but after giving it some thought, there's really no need for me to lose intentionally.

 It doesn't seem like Pursena intends to marry anyone for the time being as well.

 In other words, what was written on the letter [We'll trouble you] is this sort of thing.

 I don't really care how they just threw it onto me, but if the opponents are at this level then I can deal with them somehow or other, it should be fine I guess.

 While I was thinking lightly about it as such, I was attacked five times on the way to the library.

 They were all people calling out that they've waited for this day.

 Rinia and Pursena are really popular.

 I wonder what's so good about those two.

 Their body?

 No, it seems that many of them haven't even seen their face.

 In other words, it's status.

 The first guy did say he wanted to become the patriarch after all.

 They want to become the leader that much huh.

 Which area aviation staff officer are you.

 However, it seems that they've already decided the order in line to duel.

 The guys who tried to pick a fight with me on the way ended up being yelled at over skipping in line.

 This and that all seems to be customs of the Beast Race.

 The Beast Race really is all about their customs.

 Really, these damn Beast Races…

 However, as mysterious as it is, they didn’t come raiding the inside of the library.

 I guess they were told from the school's side not to act violently inside of the buildings.

 Or else this might be another custom of the Beast Race.

 I don't know, but in any case it's a shelter for a short while.

 Part 3

 In the evening Fitts-senpai showed up in the library.

 "Rudeus-kun, it's become something amazing outside, what have you done?"

 He was giving me a look with a bit of blame in it.

 "Nothing, it seems that if you want to take Rinia and Pursena as your bride you have to defeat me."

 "What's that!?"

 Since Fitts-senpai's brow dropped I explained it in detail.

 It seems that since I defeated Rinia and Pursena they've come to recognize me as their boss.

 In other words it seems to be something like if you defeat the boss then you get your hands on the girl.

 After finishing the explanation, Fitts-senpai was making a bit of a sullen face.

 "That shouldn't be the case. You aren't the patriarch of the Dedorudia race. You might have won over them once, but you shouldn't have the right to accompany them."

 Hmm… After all that's true, huh.

 That would be right wouldn't it?

 If that were the case then I should have more freedom to do as I please with the bodies of those two.

 "Even though that's the case, how are we supposed to make them give up?"

 "Eh? Hnn?? Even if you say it, the Beast race won't stop during this season after all…"

 Fitts-senpai put his hand to his chin and thought while nodding.

 "In reality, there shouldn't be any need for you to be their opponent, but even they would give up and return if they are defeated in a duel."

 "…Does that mean in the end I still have to accept the duel?"

 "That's what it comes down to."

 You sure say that easily.

 I don't know how many there are, but it seems there's at least 30 people lined up outside.

 Almost all of them are untalented men who want to become the patriarch.

 And that I have to defeat all of them…

 "I don't wish for such a violence-filled daily life."

 "I know that. However, if you don't do something you won't be able to leave here. And even if you keep hiding they might get impatient and come inside, we'll be in trouble if they act violently in the library."

 "I guess so."

 Well then, what a troublesome thing.

 "Dueling with a bunch of dirty men huh…"

 Who benefits from this I wonder.

 "Umm, it's not as if they're all men, it seemed like there was one girl as well."

 "Seriously? Was she a cute girl?"

 "Rudeus-kun?? Will you accept the duel from that girl?"

 "No, that can't be."

 I somehow or other shook my head to that threatening glance.

 However, I would like to see her face.

 I wonder where she came to know about me.

 "But, doesn't it make you curious?"

 If they were trying to get close with good intention, then of course that would make me curious.

 Of course, having them accompany me somewhere afterwards would be a talk for after my illness is cured.

 "Is that so? You're curious? Hnn…"

 …I don't know why but for some reason it seems Fitts-senpai is in a bad mood.

 I wonder if it was because he told me not to carelessly accept duels.

 Ah, that's right.

 I'm sure, Luke was guilty of something like that in the past and he was left to deal with it.

 That's why he's irritated at me for thinking about it so lightly.

 "However, if it's become this sort of serious matter, can't the student council do something about it?"

 "It can't be helped during the in-heat season. If we were to forbid it, it would become something even more terrible."

 It seems that the student council is quite busy with various things during this season as well.

 There are many students who rampaged, there are also guys who act violently outside of the school grounds.

 Taking advantage of the strife during the duel, it seems there are guys who attack in the darkness as well.

 It seems the students attached to the student council protect the students who have low combat ability from such fellows.

 In small groups they patrol the school and if any misconduct occurs they stop it on the spot.

 Supposedly Fitts-senpai as well, after he showed his face here was going to enter into that sort of patrol rotation.

 "If the student council is doing that kind of thing then save me as well."

 "Rudeus-kun you should do something yourself, you can right?"

 Fitts-senpai's tone today is somehow a lot colder than usual.

 I wonder if I did something to get on his nerves…

 No.

 It could be that he's remembered the examination from a while back.

 Fitts-senpai said he didn't mind that I won.

 However, here I'm sneakily running away.

 I'm sure if Fitts-senpai is known to have lost to a coward, his fame would fall.

 I've depended on Fitts-senpai in a variety of ways.

 I don't really want to do it, but here I should give it my best for once.

 "I understand, for the sake of Fitts-senpai's honor, let's go with massacring those guys."

 "Ki…killing them is no good!"

 "I know that, it was a joke."

 Even though it's called a duel, we won’t go as far as taking lives.

 There's that sort of unwritten law.

 Even though I say that, it might be that there's a strong one mixed in with them.

 I can't let my guard down.

 Let's go while bracing myself.

 Part 4

 Since the plan had been decided we went outside.

 There, an unexpected spectacle was spreading out.

 "…What the heck is this?"

 A large number of Beast Race men were scattered about.

 It was exactly a scene appropriate for the expression, "heaps of corpses."

 They were all Beast Race men.

 There were a variety of shapes and sizes.

 The shape of their ears were also various.

 There really is quite a variety among the beast race.

 There were also guys wearing a uniform, but there were many who weren't wearing one as well.

 Ah, there is one girl.

 It was that swordsman-like girl from just now.

 I wonder if she got dragged into it.

 Or else maybe she fell for me?

 And then in front of my thinking a single man's laughter resounded.

 "Fuhahahahaha!!"

 And there he was in the wasteland of those heaps of corpses.

 A single man was standing there.

 That guy was holding onto the final one and letting out a loud laughter filled voice.

 "For you to challenge this one! It seems you do not know your place, but it seems that there are many with backbone gathered at the Magic University!"

 Fitts-senpai and I were dumbfounded.

 After all, we came outside and suddenly this?

 Heaps of corpses and something amazing is standing there you know?

 "…Umm."

 That guy tossed the last one aside and looked over here.

 "Oh~, they said if I don't want to wait in line then I should try to defeat them, so I tried it and you really came out soon after didn't you! Splendid splendid! One who protects their promises is greatly desired!"

 That obsidian-like skin and six arms, you can recognize it as a Demon Race at a glance.

 The top pair was folded, the middle pair was stretched towards us, and the lower pair was holding onto the hips.

 Long purple hair that stretched down to his waist.

 "This one's name is Demon King Badigadi!"

 Demon King.

 Speaking of Demon Kings is it that, the ones that go around abducting young women from villages in order to eat them without a problem in a sexual meaning.

 The ones that as long as they deal with the occasional assassin known by the name of hero, they can do whatever they please.

 No, that is fine.

 The problem is, that's right.

 What is a Demon King doing here?

 "That Foresight eye! You are Rudeus Greyrat huh! I've heard about you from my Fiancée, Great Demon Empress Kishirika!"

 That guy came walking up in front of me.

 And then a single line.

 "I challenge you to a duel!"

 If I offer up a young dog and cat girl as a sacrifice I wonder if he'll let me go…

 Afterword

 "Godzilla vs Rudeus"

 "Suicidal Demon King B. Gadi"

 "Troubled by being surrounded by puppies!? Heart pounding heat season of the Magic University!"

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
