Volume 8  8 — Precipice of Engagement - Second Part

Volume 8 Chapter 8 - Precipice of Engagement - Second Part

 

 Part 1

 Demon King Invasion.

 That report spread like lightning to the countries in the vicinity of the Magic University.

 Invasion and Information.

 Normally the information should come first.

 However, since the Demon King's movement speed was tremendously fast, the time when each country received the information and the time when the Demon King arrived in the land of his objective were almost simultaneous.

 Each of the nations became flustered in a panic.

 Those known as Demon Kings, fundamentally never leave the Magic Continent.

 The Demon Kings of the Truce Faction and the Armed Factions almost completely died out during the Laplace Campaign.

 Therefore, they had already thought that the Magic Continent had no interest in fighting, nothing but the Moderate Faction and Conservation Faction Demon Kings remained.

 However, even though they are called the Moderate Faction and Conservation Faction, they are still those who hold enough power to reign over the Magic Continent.

 If for some reason or other they started to act violently, they would most likely spread around an overwhelming amount of destruction.

 After hearing about the invasion of the Demon King Badigadi the three countries of Ranoa, Nerisu, and Basheranto started to move their internal knight groups.

 Simultaneously Adventurers were gathered up.

 However, there was some distance until they reached the University.

 Magic City Sharia where the Ranoa Magic University is located.

 The Adventurer's Guild and Magic Guild located there.

 And then the three countries combined the knight group that resided there.

 They gathered up their insufficient military force and encircled the Magic University.

 If it comes down to it, they must slow him down until reinforcements from the three countries come.

 However, the Demon King's objective was completely unknown.

 His shape and appearance were reasonably famous.

 Jet black skin and six arms.

 Demon King of Immortality, Badigadi.

 Living since before the Laplace Campaign, one of the ancient Demon Kings.

 His ability is just as the name sounds, "Immortality."

 Since he is a part of the Moderate Faction, there are few of those who knew of his combat power.

 According to one text, it is said that he fought against that Laplace as well.

 If that is true then it would mean not even that Laplace could destroy him.

 Why and for what reason would that Demon King appear at the Magic University.

 And why or what reason would he knock innocent ordinary students and Beast Race people unconscious.

 Various countries, as well as the Magic University would only come to know of that reason a bit later.

 ---Rudeus Point of View---

 Currently, I'm in the training field for Advanced magic used in the Magic University.

 I'm in the center of a very spacious schoolyard, unarmed, confronting Badigadi.

 Standing rather confidently with my arms crossed, legs spread wide, jaw pointing down, but inside I'm currently fearing for my life.

 Shouldn't that be obvious?

 Being glared at by a large man with pitch black skin, I don't know how anyone could remain calm.

 Certainly, recently I've been thinking, "I wonder if I might actually be a bit strong?"

 But, when it comes down to a Demon King, it's not just a matter of them being a bit stronger.

 I feel like I've had the nail struck in just when I was getting ahead of myself.

 Or rather quite plainly I already want to run away.

 I continued to run everyday as training for the sake of this day.

 I want to run away as far as my endurance and magic power will take me.

 "…"

 If I look behind me there are a large number of onlookers lined up.

 Men and women and teachers as well.

 They're all looking in my direction.

 If I were to run away here, gone with the wind, I wonder what they would think about it.

 No, I'm already at the point where I don't really care either way, but I can't help but feel like I've lost the timing to run away.

 Suddenly a single person appears from the onlookers running over towards me with a quick pace.

 He was a man that wore a somewhat suggestive hair accessory that suited him well.

 …It seems there are wigs in this world as well.

 "I've heard about the situation from Jinas. I'm sorry about this but could you please try to stall for time for a short while. Currently, we're gathering up our combat power."

 He briefly left me with those words and returned.

 Rather, who was that fellow just now.

 I have the feeling I've seen him somewhere…

 However, I understood the meaning of his words.

 I don't know if Jinas is aware of the situation or what and why this is going on.

 However, it seems if I stall for time they'll somehow help me out.

 After all at times like these, people with authority are strong.

 "Humu, still not ready yet?"

 "I think it will just be a bit longer."

 Badigadi was waiting with all of his jet black arms folded.

 Currently, I've asked Fitts-senpai to retrieve my, Aqua HartiaArrogant Water Dragon King.

 It seems like he's willing to follow my request and asked to wait until then.

 In any case, he's slow.

 It's not like there's all that much distance between the library and the dorms.

 I don't remember leaving it in a strange place either.

 Just as always, I've left it leaning against the side of the bed with a cloth covering the top of it.

 I thought it would be quickly discovered.

 "Humu, I always thought the human race were impatient and in a hurry, but it doesn't seem like you're in a hurry. As expected of one who has been acknowledged by this one's fiancée."

 "Fiancée?? Umm, Kishirika…sama was it."

 After asking that Badigadi nodded with an, "Humu."

 Great Demon Empress Kishirika Kishirisu.

 It's not like I've forgotten.

 The one who gave me my Demon Eye.

 I never thought she was the real thing at the time, she abruptly appeared and then abruptly left so it was more like I was just dumbfounded.

 However, I wonder why that fiancé is appearing now.

 It can't be that like the Beast Race, he came to propose marriage.

 "I only really talked to Kishirika-sama for a very short time. Although I did receive the demon eye."

 "Kishirika was giving you a high appraisal saying, amazing-amazing. It's been quite a while since I last saw her speaking with so much excitement you know. Even the tolerant I felt a small bit of jealousy."

 Badigadi said that with one of his eyebrows raised, grinning broadly.

 Jealousy?

 Even though I can't remember a single thing worth being jealous over.

 What is it, what did I do to bother him.

 Could it be, that time when I was half-joking and requested doing her once?

 No, that was just an attempt.

 She said it was impossible because she was engaged…

 Ah, sheet, this guy is the fiancé she was talking about that time.

 "I'm just a small fry. Nothing but a pitiful lone young mouse. I…I'm not something so amazing that Demon King-sama should feel jealous of. I'm sure Kishirika-sama was just exaggerating everything a bit as she said it."

 While hiding my internal unrest I gave an exceedingly calm answer.

 And then that guy laughed.

 He laughed in an extremely strange way.

 "Fuhahahahaha, don't be modest. I've heard about that enormous magic power dwelling within your body."

 Enormous magic power.

 Even if you tell me that.

 I've only recently started to realize that it was overwhelmingly more than others.

 However, no matter how you put it, it shouldn't be enough to make a Demon King jealous…Right?

 No, but come to think of it, that time, I kind of have the feeling she said something like that.

 What was it she said again?

 I could only remember it as a laughable memory.

 "Umm, it seems that my magic power is only a little bit greater than others."

 "Fuhahahaha! That's right, just a bit!"

 Badigadi was laughing for a short while.

 However, he suddenly stopped with the loud laughter and then lowered his body to the ground with a thump.

 "It would be fine for you to sit."

 I did as I was told and sat as well.

 Even while sitting Badigadi was huge.

 I guess you could call it, a brawny structure.

 I want this kind of muscle as well.

 "It seems you don't understand the meaning of being told you were amazing by that Great Demon Empress Kishirika Kishirisu."

 "…Even if you tell me that."

 "There's a guy out there with some amazing magic power. Even more amazing than Laplace. For her to say something like that, you're the first."

 Laplace. The Demon God was it.

 Even if you tell me I have magic power more amazing than the Demon God, it doesn't really come to me.

 Certainly I've almost never actually run out of magic power, but it's not like my physical ability is particularly high or anything.

 "The Demon God Laplace's aggregate magic power was top class throughout history. In other words, you have the top class aggregate magic power in the world that you can boast of."

 "I'm sure you're just joking."

 While saying that my chest was dancing a bit.

 At any rate, the one saying it was a Demon King.

 The other side has actual results.

 I have the kind of feeling where if a Pro Player said "actually you have talent."

 "This one does not know of the authenticity. Kishirika generally goes with whatever works after all. Unexpectedly, I might have misheard something as well."

 While saying that Badigadi made a bitter expression.

 I wonder if he has some sort of recollection.

 No, but if it's that Demon Empress-sama then I can imagine something like that.

 "Certainly, in the past I underwent training in order to increase my magic power, but top class is going too far I'm sure. If they underwent the same training as I did then I'm sure anyone could be number one in the world."

 "Humu, normally it's something that never happens."

 Normally it would never happen.

 Then, I wonder if it's something that's possible if they reincarnate from another world like me.

 Or else, did I receive some kind of cheat from the Human God [Hitogami] when I wasn't paying attention.

 I'll try asking.

 "Come to think of it, Demon King-sama, there's one thing I'd like to try asking you."

 "What is it, feel free to ask anything."

 "That is, the person who I'm about to speak of is absolutely not someone I'm the subordinate or follower or that kind of thing, therefore, I'd like for you not to suddenly attack me."

 "Didn't you say to wait, Demon Kings don't break promises."

 An Indian doesn't lie.

 That better be the truth.

 Don't attack me. Absolutely don't attack me.

 "Have you ever heard of the name Hitogami?"

 "…You, where did you hear of that name?"

 "He comes out in my dreams."

 Badigadi unfolded the top pair of arms and stroked his chin.

 I wonder if he knows something.

 "Humu, I see… In a dream huh."

 "Do you know anything?"

 After asking that Badigadi gave it some thought for a short while.

 But, he nodded with a "Humu." and shook his head.

 "I see now. No clue! I have the feeling I've heard it somewhere before, but I can't remember! At the very least, it's a name I haven't heard about it in these past several hundred years!"

 "I see, thank you very much."

 Speaking of several hundred years, how very vague.

 "Humu, if I remember I'll inform you! Fuhahahaha!"

 "Please do."

 "What a boring guy you are, you should laugh as well. Fuhahahahaaha!"

 Badigadi is a person who laughs so enjoyably.

 Since just now, even though nothing particularly interesting has been said, the laughs just haven't stopped.

 Suddenly, I remembered the time when I met Ruijerd.

 That time as well, through laughing with him we deepened our friendship.

 Laughing could be considered a common language in this world.

 The other side has come to talk while laughing.

 It would be rude to not return the smile.

 Alright, I'll laugh.

 "Fu…hahahahahaha!"

 "That's good, that's good, Kishirika said it as well. No matter the time you should just laugh! I remember, the last time Kishirika died as well and was laughing in a loud voice, fuhahahaahah!"

 Badigadi said that and laughed.

 His appearance is frightening, but it seems that this man isn't all that bad of a fellow.

 "Hn?"

 Around the time when I was laughing with Badigadi it seems like the onlookers from behind have suddenly gotten noisy.

 After turning around to take a look it seems like someone is rustling around.

 After clearing my ears to hear, I was able to catch some of the conversation.

 "Let go! If I don't deliver the staff!"

 "Stop it! After you deliver that staff the duel will start!"

 "What are you going to do if the duel starts without the staff? Will you leave him to die!?"

 "Tha…that is."

 "Leave this to myself!"

 "Ah…Zanoba-kun!"

 "Zanoba Shirone is it! Hey, let go, let me go… owwowowowo!"

 Fitts-senpai came flying over the onlookers.

 And then with an amazing speed he came running here.

 Those are some unreasonably fast legs.

 Probably, three times faster than me.

 But, he isn't red and doesn't have horns or anything?

 "Ha…ha…Sorry, Rude…Rudeus-kun. The teachers got in my way."

 Fitts-senpai was breathing roughly while carrying the staff.

 "Se…senpai your legs are fast aren't they."

 "Eh?? Ha…shoes, are a magic item bestowed with magic power after all…"

 After hearing that I look at the boots senpai always wears.

 Is that so, they were a magic item bestowed with magic power was it.

 It could be that the mantle he's always wearing is a magic item as well.

 This person, he never takes off the mantle even when it seems hot out after all.

 "Could it be those sunglasses as well?"

 "Ha…ha…these as well…yea…no… that is, a secret so…"

 Fitts-senpai laughed with a bit of an Eh~

 I wonder why this person's laughing face is this cute.

 I'm feeling my heart pound.

 "Fu…Yes, Rudeus-kun, give it your best… but don't overdo it. If you don't think you can win, even if you say sorry and run away, it's an opponent where no one will say anything. Don't worry about some kind of strange pride, at least your life, right?"

 I received the Aqua HartiaArrogant Water Dragon King from Fitts-senpai.

 It's been quite a while since I last seriously fought while holding this guy.

 Let's give it our best, partner Charlene.

 As a present for the other world I'll tell you.

 That after we return we'll get married and have some Pineapple Salad.

 I removed the cloth wrapping my Aqua HartiaArrogant Water Dragon King.

 I understood that Fitts-senpai held his breath.

 Some feelings of playing a bit of a prank sprouted.

 "…Fitts-senpai, look at the magic stone at the end of this, what do you think of this?"

 "Am…amazing, big??"

 "!"

 Somehow, just now a bit, I felt a bit of a shock around the back of my hips.

 I wonder what that was.

 No, let's stop with the jokes here.

 Badigadi was standing up and rotating his shoulders.

 I wonder if I've managed to stall for some time.

 Wouldn't it be impossible to hold him off with conversation until the military force gathers?

 Fitts-senpai reluctantly returned.

 It would have been fine for you to stay here and back me up though.

 Rather, how about saving me…

 "Are you ready?"

 "If possible I would prefer to just keep talking while laughing like this."

 "Fuhahahahaha! We can do that again later!"

 Does that mean he doesn't intend to take my life?

 No, he's a person with a kind of vague feeling to him.

 He might think I'll be fine since my aggregate magic power is large and just happens to kill me like that.

 It might have been better to get a few more words in just now.

 That I'd like to go with an exchange that spares my life.

 Badigadi stood loosely with his hands at his hips.

 It seems he doesn't intend to commence attack.

 I wonder if he's waiting for some kind of signal.

 For the time being I'll open my foresight eye.

 "…Huh?"

 I couldn't see anything with my foresight.

 In the place where Badigadi was standing, nothing was standing there.

 "What are you making a surprised face about…? Oh, I see. You immediately started using the Demon Eye you got from Kishirika. However, that's unfortunate. Demon eyes don't work on me."

 He carelessly said it and Badigadi snorted with a Hmphm.

 Seriously.

 Demon eyes don't work huh.

 As expected of a Demon King.

 However, if this is the case then it's bad.

 The probability that I won't be able to barely avoid a fatal wound is increasing.

 My physical ability isn't all that high.

 The chance that I might get hit in a bad place increased.

 "Demon King-sama."

 "Badi is fine. I asked you to laugh and those who honestly laugh are permitted to call me by that name."

 "Badi-sama. I'd like to make one suggestion."

 "What is it?"

 "Even if I were to lose, somehow please at least leave me my life."

 After saying that, Badigadi broke out into laughter.

 "Fuhahahahaha! Pleading for one's life before you even start! What an interesting guy!"

 "Life is meant to be treated preciously."

 "Humu, that is true. The human race quickly dies after all! I hear there are many who think as such!"

 Badigadi continued to laugh.

 "However, even while you possess such a tremendous amount of magic power, it seems you don't have any confidence in your power!"

 "Since two years prior a person named something like the Dragon God just had me on the verge of death after all."

 After saying that, Badigadi's laughing voice instantly stopped.

 "By Dragon God, you mean Dragon God Orsted? After fighting that guy, you survived?"

 "I was on the verge of death. If he hadn't left me alive on some sort of whim, I would be a ghost right now."

 Badigadi's face became serious.

 This is bad.

 Since Hitogami's name was alright I felt a bit relieved.

 It seems Orsted's name was no good either.

 "Did you manage to leave even a bit of wound on that Dragon God during the fight?"

 "Eh? Yeah, though it was just to the degree of some skin peeling off on the back of the hand."

 "…"

 Badigadi completely sealed his mouth.

 A scary face.

 Le…let's laugh.

 "Then, I'll make one suggestion from my side."

 "Wh…what is it?"

 I made a serious face while asking Badigadi.

 "Just a single hit."

 "…?"

 "Fire off one shot of your ultimate technique at me. That's right, it's fine to use what you used to wound the Dragon God. I will receive that and if you manage to do any damage through my Fighting Spirit it's your win. If there's no damage then it will be my victory, how does that sound?"

 Yeah.

 It's a suggestion just as I'd wish for it to be.

 Splendid.

 They're considerably favorable terms.

 Moreover, we can end it without me being hit.

 I wonder if it's fine.

 "But, I wonder if in that case, wouldn't I have too much of an advantage?"

 "Advantage? Advantage you say? Humu, that is true isn't it! Then, if in the case your attack does almost nothing, I'll perform a counterattack. Just one attack that is!"

 I have the feeling I dug my own grave.

 But, I mean what if that single attack goes through my heart?

 Let's stop already, I don't want to dig my grave any further than this.

 I don't want anymore holes opened up in my chest.

 "I understand. Well then, let's go with that."

 "Humu."

 While saying that I prepared my staff.

 I packed as much magic power as I possibly could into my staff.

 What I'm producing is a Rock Bullet.

 However, I'll make it even harder than the one I used on Orsted.

 That time I was barehanded, one handed, and created it in an instant.

 This time there's the staff as well.

 The power should be several times greater.

 Formation.

 Refine the magic power, harder, even harder.

 The foundation is the same as when creating a figurine.

 Just, without thinking about its pliability, just make it harder.

 Sharpening as much as possible in a spindle shape.

 With notches almost like a drill attached.

 And then apply a rotation to that.

 A high speed rotation as fast as possible.

 Nothing but spinning.

 Even I don't know exactly how many times it's rotating per second.

 All that's left is the firing speed.

 Magic power should be worked into here as well.

 Set it forth at the fastest speed possible.

 There's never been a time where I focused this much magic power into a Rock Bullet.

 It takes some time to pack the magic power into it, I'm sure it could almost never be used in actual combat.

 Even if I were to use it, it would just be overkill on most monsters.

 However, if it's a Demon King, then they might be able to endure it.

 I'd like to at least leave some damage.

 I don't want to be hit.

 "Then, here I come."

 "Humu! Come!"

 Fire!

 I heard a whistling sound.

 There was no recoil.

 I don't know why but no reactions exist from magic.

 However, as natural as it is, an impact occurs.

 The Rock Bullet made a loud bang sound as it crashed into the standing Badigadi, his upper body was shattered into very small pieces that went flying, his six arms were disassembled and scattered, even just his lower body was sent flying backwards several tens of meters and then fell over.

 Part 2

 "…Eh?"

 He's not moving an inch.

 I timidly, slowly walked towards where the lower half of his body went.

 And then my eyes fell onto his lower body with it's internal organs flooding out.

 There was no blood flowing out.

 I wonder if it's because he's a Demon King.

 I thought he was a guy without tears who could only laugh.

 Could it be that he was a guy with neither blood nor tears.

 "…Eh?"

 No, it can't be.

 Eh?

 It's a lie right???

 He died?

 I didn't understand very well what was going on.

 After taking a look behind me, it was silent and still as death.

 Everyone was looking over here.

 The gazes hurt.

 No one was moving, not even a quiver.

 Swallowing their saliva.

 A loud gulp sound came from my throat.

 Di…did I kill him???

 No, I mean, it's a lie right.

 I mean, No, why.

 Even though he was that full of confidence.

 Eh?

 I mean, he's the Immortal Demon King right.

 Eh?

 He was full of confidence and said to come at him with just one hit.

 Eh, Eh?

 Slowly and timidly, I turned around once more.

 I was going to confirm what I was guilty of.

 "Fuhahahaha! My great resurrection!"

 I was close to firing off another Rock Bullet.

 There, a half-sized Badigadi was standing.

 He was about the same height as me, but the large size of his face hadn't changed.

 Therefore I was getting an unbalanced impression.

 Putting aside the matter of his size.

 "Ah, you survived."

 I felt relieved.

 I thought I had become a murderer for a bit there.

 That's great, that the opponent wasn't a human.

 "Fuhahahahaha, I thought I was going to die! But, humu, I see now, I get it well. Choosing not to fight was the correct answer! If we had fought seriously, all around here would have become a wasteland after all!"

 Badigadi was laughing with a Fuhahahaha.

 On his side, his six arms were crawling up and combining with Badigadi.

 Badigadi's height continued to bulge larger.

 But, he didn't return to his previous size.

 "Oh, it flew considerably far didn't it!? It seems that it will take a bit of time in order to return to normal!"

 It seemed that Badigadi was a bit excited.

 "It's your victory, Rudeus! It's fine for you to call yourself Hero!"

 "No, I'd rather refrain from that."

 "Then at least let out a cry of victory! Fuhahahaha!"

 While saying that Badigadi took my right hand.

 He grabbed the hand holding my staff and raises it upward.

 Almost like a Boxing Champion.

 I wonder if it was the decision for a win.

 It was a conclusion that I don't really understand.

 "Ka??"

 However, if he says that it's my win, then it's probably a win.

 "I won…nnn!"

 The onlookers were all still stuck in the dead of silence.

 I don't really get it but they were all dead silent.

 Shortly after confirming that, Badigadi nodded to himself.

 "They're really a lot that doesn't go with the flow. Well then, I'll have you let me get one hit in."

 Is what he said.

 "Eh!!?"

 That's different from our promise!

 Just as I was thinking that, his fist caught my face.

 With just one hit.

 Just, when it came to him, he counts three fists as one hit.

 In the situation where my arm was being held onto I couldn't even defend.

 I was knocked unconscious with three hits.

 This damn lying Demon King…

 Part 3

 After that, it seems Badigadi was taken away somewhere by the middle aged man with the hair accessory from just before, a middle aged ikemen type man in armor, and an old man in a robe.

 I guess they're having some kind of talk among important people.

 I resurrected from my unconsciousness after Fitts-senpai used healing magic.

 After that, I was brought to and warmly welcomed into a staff room by Jinas.

 After receiving some tea and cakes I took a single breath.

 Jinas didn't talk about it very much.

 It seems, that he couldn't really understand the situation all that well either.

 A Demon King suddenly came in and knocked out the consciousness of some students and outsiders.

 Then he challenged me to a duel and after declaring me the winner he hit me and knocked me unconscious.

 It's not like you can understand the situation just by knowing that much.

 Also, it seems that there were no deaths among the students that were knocked out by the Demon King.

 In the first place Badigadi is part of the Moderate Faction, so that means he won't especially go out of his way to kill people.

 In regards to his objective, it seems the important people are investigating it from here on.

 It seems that the accessory middle aged man was this school's Principal.

 What was his name again? That's right, the Wind King class magician Georg.

 I did see him during the time of the entrance ceremony.

 The ones taking part in the talks seem to be the leader of the three countries' knight group which came to protect this town and the leader of the Magic Guild.

 The four were gathered together and currently talking about various things.

 "However, as expected of Rudeus-san. To finish off the Demon King with a single pre-emptive attack! And then to be recognized by the Demon King??! The Principal said that even though you were "The Quagmire" as just a lone adventurer stalling for time would be the best you can do. However, we never could have imagined it would turn out like this! After reaching this age I can't remember ever having gotten so excited over such a scene before!"

 Jinas couldn't hide his excitement and was saying something like that.

 It seems, they don't know about the contents of what we talked about prior to the duel.

 That Badigadi intentionally took on the magic for example or that even if it had been ineffective it would have ended with that.

 A short while after being looked at with eyes of respect by Jinas I was released.

 For the time being, I was told to be on standby in the dorm until various things are decided.

 Part 4

 After I left the staff room, Zanoba came running up to me.

 "Oh~, Shisho, I was watching. As expected isn't it. No, I guess I should say it's only natural."

 Zanoba was praising me like that but I shook my head.

 "He just lent me his chest and I took it."

 Certainly the attack was effective, but the opponent didn't evade or defend.

 And then from there, there’s that regeneration ability.

 If we were to fight seriously, I can't imagine that it would just pass with my win.

 "You're being modest. Isn't just landing a hit on a Demon King an amazing thing?"

 Zanoba said that while laughing.

 Julie looked at me with eyes of even greater fear.

 I'm sure even from a distance it looked like a splatter.

 I've shown her something frightening.

 Part 5

 On my way back to the dorm I ran into a considerably glowing Elinalise and Cliff.

 "Oh my Rudeus, what was the disturbance about?"

 "Umm, what were you guys doing?"

 "Exactly what you think we were doing."

 Elinalise was laughing with a "hohoho", and Cliff went bright red and got angry with a, "Don't say anything unnecessary!"

 It seems that the two were opening an adult meeting while the Demon King was invading.

 They sure are happy.

 "Just now, Badigadi-sama challenged me to a duel and I somehow managed to win."

 "Eh!! That guy has already come here!?"

 …Already?

 What the heck do you mean by already?

 "Did you know? That he would come?"

 "Yes, but he was being restrained by the Ogres, it seemed he wanted to stay there for a little while so I went on ahead myself. Look, those sorts, they're pretty loose with time right? Which is why I thought he wouldn’t move for another 10 years or so? In reality, the time when we separated was two years ago after all…"

 If you've lived for denominations in the thousands of years, I guess your sense of time would deviate.

 In my previous life, even though I passed thirty years, time felt like it passed quite quickly.

 The denomination is just a bit large.

 "But, he was a good guy right?"

 "He didn't seem like a bad person."

 Among the nobles and royalty that I've met he was a top class good person.

 He laughs well after all.

 He did break his promise, but if you think of the difference between one hit and one strike then that is fine as it is.

 "Hey, what are you talking about?"

 "Oh my oh my, Cliff you, are you jealous? It's alright, right now, the only one whom my heart can love is just you."

 "No, not that, ah, don't stick so close, Rudeus is watching, isn't he?"

 "I'm showing him."

 Since they had started flirting, I dispersed from that location.

 From behind I heard a loud voice yelling, "There's no way a Demon King would come to a place like this, right?"

 I thought the same until just a short while ago.

 Part 6

 Fitts-senpai was waiting at the entrance to the dorm.

 After seeing my face he made an indescribable face.

 After all, I wonder if he is excited as well.

 His cheeks were red and he was tightly holding his hands.

 A feeling sort of like he saw something amazing, but the impression isn't coming out.

 "Rudeus-kun is am…amazingly strong isn't he!"

 An average impression.

 That sort of word floated into mind.

 "I couldn't have imagined you would do it in a single hit!"

 "A single hit, since we had decided on such rules for victory and defeat, I used the strongest magic I could in terms of power."

 "The strongest?… Huh, isn't that the same thing you used during the time of the examination against me right, that amazing one right?"

 "Yeah, it's a Rock Bullet. Although I had 'accumulated' a considerable amount into it."

 "Even though it's just intermediate magic, if you master it it'll have that much power!?"

 Fitts-senpai raised his voice in admiration with a "Oh~" and started making a Rock Bullet that has a rotation and fired it.

 A whistling sound let out and it pierced into the ground far away.

 He's quite good to reproduce something he's only seen once or twice.

 However, it didn't have as much power as mine.

 "I don’t really have the intention to master it though."

 "Are you normally using nothing but earth magic?"

 "I guess so, at one period it was nothing but water, but at some point it became nothing but earth."

 "After all! Since we're using the same system of magic, that should mean I can get better at it right."

 I wonder if that's the case.

 No, I have the feeling I did gradually get better at making the figurines.

 "…I, guess so. I wonder if you call it precision getting higher."

 "However, the consumed magic power will increase as well right!"

 "That's right. During the times when I'm making dolls it's considerably difficult."

 Fitts-senpai seemed very happy.

 Come to think of it, I haven't had very many opportunities to talk about voiceless incantations with Fitts-senpai.

 "Also, sorry, I'm sure you're tired. I'm sorry for holding you back. Today you should rest at ease."

 "Ah, yes."

 After saying that Fitts-senpai ran towards the school building.

 I wanted to talk for a bit longer, but well it's fine.

 It's immediately after that incident after all.

 I'm sure he's busy with the student council as well.

 I returned to my own room.

 I lean my staff against the wall.

 Things about the Demon King and what not, today was difficult.

 My mental and physical fatigues are both building up, so I lay down on the bed.

 I'm somehow tired…

 Part 7

 After that sort of thing happened, a month has passed by in a flash.

 The Magic Triumvirate talked with Badigadi and it seems they decided to treat him as a state guest.

 In response, to apologize for the trouble he caused, Badigadi decided to lend an arm to the Magic Guild for researching immortality.

 Furthermore he ended up participating as a temporary martial arts adviser for the combined knight group.

 And then…

 Part 8

 Next homeroom.

 The two senpai came out from the dorm.

 Since Badigadi put order to all of the Beast Races, it seems they became able to come to class.

 "As expected of boss nya, thank you nya. I'll treat you to something next time nya."

 "But, I couldn't have possibly imagined that a Demon King would come nano. We're such devilish women nano. You did well in protecting us. In return you're free to grope the chest, of Rinia that is."

 "Thank you very much."

 Since I received the privilege of groping the chest, without reservation I'll grope them.

 Rinia's that is.

 "Ginya!"

 She scratched my face.

 Even though she said it was fine.

 Even though she said she would treat me.

 That's cruel nya.

 It's stingy.

 If it's a lady then all of them have them, isn't just a bit fine?

 "Shisho is considerably open to women but, however, I've heard one uncertain story."

 "Hey, stop Zanoba, you're not allowed to say anymore than that! Look, that matter!"

 "…Oh, that's right isn't it, please excuse me."

 Recently, Cliff's seat has become quite close.

 It seems he hears stories about me from Elinalise sometimes.

 I don't know what they're talking about, but it seems they are reasonably good rumors.

 Somehow, it seems to be talk about sympathy, it may be or may not.

 It seems that the reason why I ended up being rejected by Eris has become because of the illness.

 Well, it's fine though.

 The things about Eris are already fine, I'm over them??!

 This past month, Cliff and Elinalise's public flirting gradually decreased.

 Even though I say that, it seems they haven't separated yet.

 Once in every two or three days Cliff comes in tired.

 I'm sure he's being squeezed out.

 If she's not allowed to flirt in public, I wonder if they properly talked together.

 Rather, I wonder if that isn't a hindrance to their studies. 

 Well, I'll leave things of the two to themselves.

 It's not really a problem that I have any say on.

 I'm a bit jealous.

 "…Grand master, I don't have enough magic power to make this hard part, please make it."

 Julie is continuing to make dolls everyday with diligence.

 Recently we've been teaching her workmanship at the same time.

 Although, since that side isn't our main expertise, Zanoba got a dwarf in his year to help out.

 We weren't told anything but an outline of information in regards to Demon King Badigadi.

 Badigadi said he came this far because he was jealous of me.

 In other words, that would mean I have some level of responsibility remaining for the problem I wonder.

 No, I want to think that Jinas somehow cleared up things like that.

 He's the one who scouted me after all.

 And then at that time, the door suddenly opened.

 Excluding Silent, all of the Special Students were in attendance.

 It's still too early for the teacher to come.

 It can't be, Silent is showing their face in home room?

 And the instant I thought that.

 "Fuhahahahaha!"

 The loud laughter was resounding through the classroom.

 And then he came into the classroom.

 Magnificently, without a care about what others think.

 And then he stopped on the platform and looked over us.

 "The Immortal Demon King Badigadi has arrived!"

 That's a lie right.

 He's wearing a uniform!? This guy.

 ---

 And then he entered the Magic University as an advertisement.

 Without specifically planning to learn or research anything, but it seems occasionally observing and offering some tips or concerns.

 Although, if it weren't for the tips, it seems that the Demon King's wisdom wouldn't be granted…

 In any case, just like this, the Demon King invasion incident of the Ranoa Kingdom ended.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
