Volume 8  9 — White Mask - First Part

Volume 8 Chapter 9 - White Mask - First Part

 

 Part 1

 Recently, I've been feared.

 By almost all of the students attending the Magic University.

 I didn't realize it at first.

 I just simply thought I was being avoided.

 For example, if some bad looking guys came walking in my direction.

 If I said to them, "In order not to trip you should walk rather than run."

 However, for some reason after the other side realizes it they disappear somewhere in the hall.

 Occasionally there's a guy who suddenly looks out the window and says, "The weather outside sure is good today."

 Even though it's raining.

 I thought "I'm lucky for them to not pick fights".

 I couldn't have possibly imagined that the other side thought that as well…

 The first time I gained self-awareness of it was when I was returning from Detoxification magic class.

 Recently, I've been taking Intermediate Detoxification magic classes where many fourth years are learning.

 For the time being, let's put that matter aside.

 After the class ended and I went into the hall and spotted Goriade.

 Goriade.

 That's right, it's the muscle bound female who blamed me and made false charges of stealing panties on my first day.

 Since her body is huge she stands out.

 It seems simultaneously the other side saw me and our eyes met.

 For the time being, I tried to start up a conversation, since the other side is a senpai.

 It would be rude if I don't say at least one word of greeting.

 While thinking that, I approached her, thinking about apologizing again for the events on the first day of school.

 And then she was surprised and her body started to tremble while avoiding eye contact.

 With that large shoulder length being squeezed in, her toes were pointing inwards while cowering.

 "Goriade-senpai. It's about the events on my first day of school."

 After I brought that up, she stiffened up and started to shake.

 And then with a fragile voice said it.

 "Th…that time, was umm, I'm sorry…very much, please forgive me??"

 It was a clearly different attitude from how she was on the first day.

 I was bewildered as well.

 It almost looks like I'm extorting her or something.

 "Ummm? No, that is, the one that should be apologizing is me. Since I wasn't aware of the dorm rules, umm, that sort of thing happened…"

 While I was going on, incoherently onlookers started to gather.

 Part 2

 "Hey, look. It's Rudeus."

 "The events from the first day, he was still bothered over that…"

 "Goriade-san, how pitiful…"

 "Even though he was the one who broke the rules, what a guy…"

 "Idiot… What will you do if he hears that."

 Part 3

 From the surrounding voices I started to hear pity and criticism.

 Tears started to appear in Goriade's eyes.

 I felt like tears were about to appear in my own eyes as well.

 Strange. What's with this?

 The gazes hurt.

 "Nya? What's this, what's this, a fight?"

 "How vigorous even though it's noon nano."

 Just at that time, Rinia and Pursena happened to pass by.

 According to a story I heard afterwards, it seems the two were in the same year as Goriade.

 After seeing my appearance and Goriade with tears in her eyes.

 And then it seems like they came to some kind of understanding and nodded to themselves.

 Then, while making some smug faces they interrupted.

 "Boss, let her off with something like that nya. I'm sure Goriade meant no harm nya. I'd like for you to let us save face here as the same Beast Race nya."

 "Look, let's hurry and go. Learn a lesson from this and never again do anything that bothers Boss nano. You have good luck nano. If the No.2 like me hadn't been passing by, you'd have been torn limb from limb nano."

 "Ah, wa, yes??!"

 Goriade made a face as if she had just been saved and lowered her head to the two, and then quickly left the place while trying to make that wide back look small.

 "Look, you all scatter as well nya! This isn't an exhibition nya!"

 After hearing Rinia's words the onlookers all scattered like the clouds.

 I took a breath in relief as well.

 "Pursena what was that just now nya?"

 "What do you mean by just now nano?"

 "The No.2 is me nya."

 "Recently the boss's underlings have increased, the idiotic Rinia doesn't fit the job nano."

 "Pursena's grades are the same nya."

 I thought about asking about the situation, and was about to turn around and the two had started a well practiced comedy act.

 "Look, you two don't just get into a fight on your own, it's fine if there's two No.2."

 "Boss doesn't get it nya. It's no good if you don't properly decide the order of the organization nya."

 "That's right, it's something important nano."

 Humu. It seems that hierarchy is an important matter to the Beast Race.

 But, in the first place I have no intention of standing at the top of an organization.

 I don't care who is No.2.

 Putting that aside.

 For the time being, I thanked the two.

 I decided to give them some kind of present next time.

 I'm sure a fish or something would be fine.

 "However, to touch upon the Boss's imperial wrath, Goriade is an idiot as well nya. Nyat did she do?"

 "No, she mistook me for an underwear thief on the first day of school…"

 "Ah!! It's that! So the underwear thief was boss nya!"

 "…Fakku nano."

 They started sending me looks of scorn.

 Let me talk to the end.

 It's a false charge. False charge.

 Should I give you despair and humiliation as a present again?

 "Come to think of it, previously Goriade was boasting about it. That Fitts covered for a cowardly first year boy. The one cowering was that guy. How laughable nano."

 "To let an opponent who was making a fool of him off the hook, Boss sure is lenient nya… However, if you don't properly discipline them, next time I'll do it properly nya."

 Do it properly huh.

 Didn't you guys stop being delinquents and turn into honor students?

 "Please stop that. What are you going to do by unnecessarily increasing my enemies?"

 "Ha, boss doesn't aim high enough nya. If you were to team up with us right now, you would be able to defeat Ariel and rule over the dorms."

 "That's right, since boss can win against Fitts he can be the top of the school nano."

 Somehow it seems like all the Beast Race guys are obsessed with standing at the top.

 They might seriously be patients suffering from "New Leader Illness".

 "Rule over the dorm and become the top of the school, then what are you telling me to do?"

 I couldn't care less about the top.

 I fundamentally always go with a principle that doesn't get into fights.

 In order to stand above people, in other words means to buy into the possibility of resentment.

 In this world your heart can suddenly be penetrated while just walking down the road.

 Therefore, if you treat all of your opponents as above yourself it's about just right.

 "After becoming the top of the school nya? I guess so nya?? For starters how about forcing all of the girls in the dorm to strip off their panties?"

 "That sounds good nano. Since boss likes panties enough to decorate his shelves with them, I'm sure it'll make him happy."

 "It won't…make me happy?"

 I do like panties but.

 It… It's not like I want to decorate with them just because I like them.

 Getting them from a girl whose face I don't know… wouldn't make me happy?

 For example, even if I got them from Goriade-san whose face I do know they wouldn't make me happy.

 However, there are occasionally cute girls.

 Even if they aren't to my taste…

 For example, I might be a bit happy if it were from Rinia or Pursena.

 These guys smell a bit of beast, but even with everything they're considerably beautiful girls.

 I'm sure their blankets smell like a girl's.

 No, but though you know.

 Right, that's right. It's Fitts-senpai.

 I'm sure Fitts-senpai hates that kind of conduct.

 That's why it's no good.

 Yeah.

 Alright.

 I won't be deceived.

 Be gone, oh Mara.

 That was almost a dangerous situation for you, female students who I have yet to see.

 If I wasn't being afflicted by this illness it could have been a dangerous situation.

 "I have no interest in the panties of the masses, if you're going to do it you two can do it yourselves. Although if you're going to cause trouble for Fitts-senpai, then I will become your enemy."

 "Ugu…We…well, if boss says to behave ourselves nya, then we'll obey that nya."

 "…That's right, we'll do as you say nano."

 And.

 After that sort of event happened.

 I finally became aware of it.

 It seems that somehow I'm being feared.

 Even after I became aware of it I didn't ask, "Why?"

 I defeated the number one in real ability, Fitts.

 Forced all of the problem Special Students to obey.

 And then, defeated the Demon King who brought terror upon the school in a single hit.

 The last one was especially effective.

 That is… I'm sure they would be afraid.

 It's a story I heard from Badigadi but…

 It seems that in order to leave a wound on his jet black body clad in Fighting Spirit you would need to use techniques at the level of Sword God style King class or else it wouldn't work.

 King class.

 In other words, only after reaching Ruijerd and Ghyslaine's level will they finally be able to fight against him.

 And then since he fights while entrusting it to his flesh, it seems that most opponents' attacks that Badigadi receives do almost no damage but…

 Putting that aside.

 If I'm to believe that story then it would mean my Rock Bullet is already over King class in power.

 In the time I wasn't aware, my Rock Bullet has really grown to have quite the high firepower.

 Although, it's just power.

 According to Badigadi I'm not wearing Fighting Spirit.

 Fighting Spirit after all seems to be something that all of the swordsmen in the world casually wear.

 However, no matter how much I train, my flesh will never become as strong or fast as Ruijerd or Eris.

 My muscles will grow, but just that.

 In the end, the only thing I'm strong with is attack power.

 Thanks to the demon eye and other stuff, I can win against opponents around here.

 My aggregate magic power is on the level of Laplace (it seems).

 However, my flesh is normal.

 Although there's no way for the normal students to understand that.

 They probably think since my attack power is King class then, my body should have an equivalent level of strength.

 An existence beyond a Demon King.

 If I was in the same position as the average student, I don't think I would want to get involved.

 "Boss should have more confidence in himself nya. I'm sure if you have more confidence it will resolve 'that' as well nya!"

 "That's right, but after you resolve it I'd like for you to only attack Rinia nano."

 Those were Rinia and Pursena's words.

 Confidence, huh.

 I wonder if my son's seclusion is related to my lack of self-confidence.

 After hearing it, I kind of have that sort of feeling.

 Defeated by Orsted, rejected by Eris and falling into despair unable to show my power.

 If I were to get back my self-confidence, it might possibly stand up.

 Certainly, now might be the ideal chance to regain my self-confidence.

 The students are afraid of me.

 After giving it a try and walking around leading Rinia and Pursena, the sea of students split.

 I never stood in such a position in my previous life.

 It's fresh.

 I guess you could say it's a position where you're walking shoulders with the wind.

 Almost like a Director-sensei doing hospital rounds.

 Or maybe Moses.

 It's truly a good feeling.

 Move, don't stand in my hallway…

 And just as I was getting full of myself.

 I suddenly thought.

 Could it be.

 That the guys who bullied me in my previous life felt this sort of feeling while getting full of themselves.

 ……

 …

 I remembered a bit of something bad…

 Let's go without getting too full of ourselves.

 I won't return to being a NEET.

 Part 4

 One day among such days.

 I was doing the same as always, investigating things in the library.

 The more I try to investigate, the number of common points between the teleport and summoning increase.

 Calling out to and sending off.

 The differences between these are limited to just the shape of the magic circle and the light given off.

 All factors of them resemble each other.

 It seems like there's a necessity to study summoning in depth.

 Is what I was thinking, but there are no teachers that specialize in summoning in this school.

 It seems there are some people who use them in the Magic Guild, but at best it's elementary or intermediate class.

 It's only to the degree of summoning useless familiars or spirits with almost no ego.

 There's no way I could hear about expert related knowledge.

 It seems there are people who can use up to the Advanced class of Enchantment type Summoning, but Enchantment and Summoning are considerably different, even if I ask about teleportation, I doubt they'll have an answer.

 It seems like Jinas was bragging about the teachers in this school, but it was just talk.

 Even though I say that, in such a world I guess it's something that can't be helped.

 After giving it some thought, I've never even seen something like Summoning magic in my adventurer days.

 Summoning magicians are without a doubt among the fewest in number.

 Or maybe they're like Barriers and Divine-attack, the techniques are monopolized by certain countries.

 However, somehow I, it seems like I have the feeling I know someone who is knowledgeable about Summoning techniques.

 Where did I hear about them again?

 If I could encounter them I think I could remember though.

 Well, the fact that I can't remember means I haven't met with them.

 Well then, I've more or less finished all of the literature in regards to Summoning in the library.

 Anymore than this, there's probably no option other than learning it on my own.

 Therefore, I'm feeling at a bit of a deadlock.

 During such a time, Fitts-senpai managed to find something out.

 "Rudeus-kun. I've finally found it. There was a person who was an expert in the field of Summoning magic in this school!"

 "Oh!"

 "After I asked Vice Principal Jinas and Principal Georg, who do you think it was?"

 Fitts-senpai seemed to come up with a prank, he came asking with a grin.

 There's one in the school.

 For starters, it shouldn't be a teacher.

 Among the students there were some who were trying to learn Summoning, but anything above Advanced or Saint class came up with nothing.

 I wonder where in the world they are…

 "…In the Magic Guild side?"

 If it's the Magic Guild, then I'm sure there are people who use Summoning techniques as their main.

 Such a researcher might be using this school as a headquarters as they continue their research.

 "Hmm, well, they are someone who is known to be A rank among the Magic Guild."

 "Oh."

 According to my investigations, A rank among the Magic Guild is Subdivision Head Class.

 That would mean S rank is executive class.

 Certainly, Principal Georg is S and Vice Principal Jinas is B.

 "Wasn't A rank the same rank as a Subdivision Head of the Magic guild?"

 "Yeah. It's surprising isn't it."

 I have the feeling I heard that even B rank would be given capital support and the know-how for making things at the Magic School.

 "Then, who is it?"

 "Rudeus it's a name you should have heard at least once as well."

 It's a name I've heard…

 Well then, I don't think there any A rank with the Magic Guild among my acquaintances.

 However, the name Fitts-senpai mentioned was a name I had heard a number of times.

 "It's Special Student Silent."

 Part 5

 Special Student. Silent.

 The number of achievements they've left behind for this school is immeasurable.

 First, they improved the menu of the cafeteria.

 They established a transportation route to get ingredients from Asura Kingdom. It became where you can even eat food made of ingredients that won't be found in the Northern regions.

 Also, following their own recipe, they made something similar to Curry Soup.

 After placing carrots, potatoes, and onions in a pot you use a mix of ten types of spices to spice it.

 Then you use bread to eat the thick tan soup from the pan.

 In other words, it's curry.

 It's quite different to the taste that my tongue remembers, but the recipe is extremely similar to curry.

 The one who came up with the idea for uniforms was Silent as well.

 They worked in Asura Kingdom as a designer and still owns a workshop, there the outfits were created.

 By creating a uniform, they managed to clean up the mixed image of the various races.

 In other words they succeeded at improving the image of the entire school.

 And then, the one who suggested the idea of black boards was Silent as well.

 It's a board colored with black paint and then chalk is made using lime for writing letters.

 It's just something of that level, but they've become popular for making the lessons smoothly advance forward.

 I'm sure there are quite a few others if we search.

 It seems Silent really suggested a large number of trivial things.

 In recognition for those achievements, the Magic Guild granted them A rank in the guild.

 Now. About the things they've made.

 All of them are things I have recollection of.

 Things that I know, that the inhabitants of this world don't know.

 No matter how dense I am, I somehow understand.

 I can imagine what kind of existence Silent is.

 But, at that time I wasn't ready to allow such words to pass my lips.

 I wonder why.

 I don't know.

 I might have wanted to see myself as a special sort of existence.

 I might have wanted to think about myself as a special existence in this world.

 The only existence that holds memories of a different world.

 However, after giving it some thought, there's no way it would just be me.

 Speaking frankly, I'm afraid of the existence of Silent.

 I thought that if possible I don't want to make contact.

 Under the same conditions, I thought I don't want to meet someone else doing better than me.

 On top of that if that person were to say, "What have you been playing around doing when you were born in this blessed of an environment?" something like that, I would feel like running away.

 However, since I heard the name from Fitts-senpai, I decided on the spot to meet with Silent.

 I might have been getting full of myself.

 That's right.

 Around this time I was getting full of myself.

 Making a miko into a disciple and being called shisho,

 Winning over the number one delinquents in the school and being called boss,

 Receiving eyes of compassion from the number one genius in the school,

 Winning over a Demon King from Magic Continent and being called a friend,

 Being feared by all the students.

 I was getting full of myself.

 Of course, I swore somewhere in my heart that I wouldn't get full of myself.

 However, after all with each and every thing at some point I ended up becoming arrogant.

 If I'm this well made, then there's no way anyone could look down on me from above.

 I might have thought as such subconsciously.

 Part 6

 I heard the location from Vice Principal Jinas.

 The third floor of the research building.

 I see.

 Silent is borrowing three rooms there.

 Those three rooms were remodeled into a single research room and they almost never come out from living in there.

 I went to that research room to pay a visit alone.

 I don't know the reason.

 In reality, I probably should have gone together with Fitts-senpai.

 However, I had the feeling that it wouldn't be good if I don't go alone.

 I took a deep breath in front of the door.

 I made my resolve.

 Even if Silent was the same "Reincarnated individual" as me.

 I will absolutely not flinch.

 I lightly knocked.

 "…Come in."

 Then a short and somewhat irritated sounding voice responded.

 I put my hand on the door and slowly pushed it open.

 Inside the research room there was a large amount of books and paper scattered about, in each place there were magic tools which I don't know what they were used for scattered around, and then a large amount of magic crystals and magic stones were piling into a mountain.

 The person sitting deep in the room.

 I was lost for words the moment they turned around.

 "Oh my, we meet again."

 That guy had black hair.

 That guy was a girl.

 And then something I couldn't forget.

 I absolutely won't forget.

 That blank white mask was attached.

 "Gyaaaaa????!"

 I screamed and made a run for it.

 It's that white mask young girl.

 The one that was with Orsted.

 I can't remember their name.

 That's right, Orsted, it's Orsted.

 I had the resolve to meet with a reincarnated individual.

 But, I hadn't made the resolve to meet with Orsted.

 The terror from the time I was about to die vividly came back to me.

 That instant, almost all of the fear I felt at that time was brought back to life the moment I saw that white mask.

 The suffering from the time when my lung was crushed.

 The powerlessness of having everything I tried made pointless.

 The pain from the time something went through my heart.

 And then the fear from the time when death was before my eyes.

 Everything came back to me so I ran.

 Ran and ran and ran.

 I don't know where I'm running.

 After looking behind me.

 Of all things I'm being chased after.

 The white mask is chasing after me.

 I run even more.

 While falling down, while scraping myself, I continue to run away with my unreliable legs almost like a drunkard.

 Even though I thought I had trained my legs just for the sake of running away at times like this

 My legs won't listen to what I tell them.

 Even though they didn't tremble during the time I confronted the Demon King.

 "?? !!"

 Suddenly I saw Fitts-senpai's figure at the bottom of the stairs.

 If it's him, if it's him then he'll save me.

 After thinking that, my tension loosened a bit.

 "Fu…to suddenly scream when you see a person’s face and then run away, isn't that rude?"

 I felt something tap on my shoulder.

 After turning around that guy was there.

 My body went into convulsions of shock and fear, in the next instant, my foot slipped and I fell down the stairs, falling unconscious in an unsightly way.

 Part 7

 I woke up to the sensation of someone caressing my head.

 It was a gentle hand.

 I felt something flowing out from that hand, almost as if it was reducing the bad parts of my blood circulation.

 There was that sort of sensation.

 After moving my gaze to look at the owner of the hand, Fitts-senpai was there.

 The one rubbing my head was Fitts-senpai.

 Fitts-senpai's hand was warm.

 And then it was slender and delicate to the point where you wouldn't think he's a man.

 Without thinking I grabbed that hand.

 "Ah, Rudeus-kun, you're awake? I was worried, you suddenly came tumbling down from above."

 "…I saw a terrible dream. It was a dream where I was about to be killed by a woman wearing a white mask."

 "Umm…"

 Fitts-senpai made a troubled face.

 What is it?

 In the first place, where is this?

 It's not my room in the dorm.

 In the first place, it's not the dorm.

 But I've seen it before…

 Behind Fitts-senpai beds were lined up.

 That's right, this is the medical affairs room.

 While lifting up my body I circled my neck.

 There's no one in the medical office.

 It's just Fitts-senpai and I.

 No, there's the healer that is stationed here as well.

 After turning my head around even further…

 "Uooh???!"

 On the opposite side of the bed.

 I looked at the person sitting there.

 It was a woman wearing a white mask.

 Unintentionally, I fell off the bed.

 And then that guy let out a sigh and glared at me.

 "How rude!? Why are you that afraid? Didn't I save you last time? Ah, you must not remember since you were dead."

 Since I was dead last time.

 After all. There's no mistake this guy is the one from that time.

 The one standing beside Orsted.

 "O…Ors…Orsted is!?"

 "He's not here. He's a busy person."

 The masked woman said it without care.

 He's not here.

 Orsted is not here.

 Really?

 No, I can't help it even if it's a lie.

 I see, he's not here huh.

 "Don't worry. He won't target you for a bit longer."

 "A bit longer, meaning if he has time again he might come to kill me?"

 "I don't think he has such plans though… But, there is that sort of possibility. It depends on you."

 It doesn't seem like it will happen anytime soon.

 The instant I understood that, I felt blatantly relieved.

 I sure am a selfish guy.

 After seeing my state Fitts-senpai was scratching the back of his ear and asked the masked woman.

 "Umm, I can't understand the conversation, but is it okay for me to ask for an explanation? For starters, what kind of relation do you have with Rudeus-kun?"

 "We have no relation."

 The masked woman flatly responded to Fitts-senpai like that.

 I understood that Fitts-senpai was openly displeased.

 "But, it's the first time I've seen Rudeus-kun in this much of a panic. Didn't you do something?"

 Fitts-senpai's tone of voice when saying that was strong.

 He must be trying to protect this failure of a kohai.

 Thank you, thank you.

 "The last time we met, he was severely beaten by the Dragon God, so he's probably remembering that."

 "Dragon God!? Of the Seven Great World Powers?"

 "That's right."

 "You are the Dragon God?"

 "How could that be, before I just traveled together with him."

 The masked woman declared that in a tone like she couldn't care less while shouldering her hair.

 I just realized it, but what she was wearing was this school's uniform.

 "In any case, I didn't think we would be reunited here."

 The gaze coming from beneath the mask was strong.

 "However, I guess since we triggered the flag by meeting at 'Red Dragon's Lower Jaw', we would be reunited at this school. It must be that sort of fated route."

 She took out a single piece of paper from her chest pocket.

 "I have three things to ask you. Answer honestly."

 That tone was one of a Yes or No.

 I swallowed and nodded.

 "First. Do you have any recollection of this?"

 After receiving the paper she handed over.

 There was,

 『Shinohara Akihito

 Kuroki Seiji』

 Is how it was written.

 In… Japanese.

 I quickly realized it was a person’s name.

 And simultaneously.

 The feelings of "after all" sprouted.

 She is after all.

 "Second, do you understand these words? Third, which are you?"

 This question was in Japanese as well.

 After coming this far it's settled.

 She's the same sort of existence as I.

 However, I thought about it.

 This paper.

 This name.

 …I have no recollection at all.

 However, I was a bit perplexed, but I had the resolve.

 I slowly responded.

 In Japanese.

 『Neither. I don't know this name.』

 『I see, you understand the words right.』

 "Eh? What language? Rudeus-kun?"

 Fitts-senpai peeked at the paper and said in a hurried voice.

 "It's nothing, we were just from the same home town."

 "Home town? There's no way that can be the case!"

 Fitts-senpai denied it.

 I don't know what he was denying though…

 Right now rather than that.

 『Then, you are the same as well?』

 I asked timidly.

 She nodded.

 『That's right, by the time I realized it I was suddenly thrown into this world as well.』

 While saying that, she removed her white mask.

 In that instant, my memory completely was hooked.

 A memory of my previous life.

 My last moments.

 The pair that were having a fight.

 One of those people.

 The girl.

 There was a girl with the exact same face as that.

 Simultaneously, doubts started to rise to the surface.

 The exact same face.

 Even though 15 years have passed since then, there is the girl with the same exact face from that time.

 And then, just a bit, I felt something was off.

 Strange.

 Why even though 15 years have passed… does she still have the same face?

 No, in the first place, why does she have the same face?

 If she was reincarnated, it would only be natural for her face to be different.

 My doubts.

 The answer to those were soon after put into words by her.

 『It's the so called 'trip'. I tripped into this worthless world.』

 Trip.

 This implication is a bit different from reincarnation.

 I was the so called reincarnated individual.

 My body is different. I was born into this world with just my memories.

 Trip is different.

 Trip is the so called Warp.

 Age and body remain the same when they come to this world.

 She is… different from me?

 『My name is Nanahoshi Shizuka. A Japanese. I've been calling myself by the false name Silent Seven Star recently.』

 Doubts and confusion.

 The inside of my head was becoming a mess.

 In regards to the me who wasn't saying anything, she asked even more.

 『In any case you, where were you born? America? Or somewhere in Europe. You're Caucasian right? But you understand Japanese. Could it be you're a half? A foreigner living in Japan for example.』

 It wasn't just three, that wasn't what I was doubting.

 I didn't respond.

 I didn't respond, but she continued the conversation.

 『In any case, with this one step, I can make some progress in the situation. After all it was the correct answer to have him leave you alive. Since the point where Orsted said he didn't know you I somehow had the feeling it was like that…』

 Nanahoshi just kept talking somewhat in excitement.

 Without minding my confusion.

 『I look forward to working with you from here on, umm, tell me your name?』

 『Ru…Rudeus. Rudeus Greyrat.』

 『That's your false name from here right? What's your real name?』

 I didn't want to speak of my real name from my previous life.

 For that sake I kept silent.

 And then, Nanahoshi seemed like she understood and nodded.

 『Ah, I get it. You're being cautious. I understand that. Those feelings. That sort of thing happened after all. However, don't worry. I'm an ally.』

 『…』

 『In any case, to think there were other people that came here other than me… This is the first time I've met an 'Earthling' since I came to this world. It's somehow refreshing.』

 Nanahoshi took hold of my hand.

 Fitts-senpai's brow dropped.

 And then Nanahoshi said it.

 In a happy tone.

 『For the sake of returning to our previous world, let's work together.』

 For the sake of returning to our previous world.

 Such words put my thoughts that were in a mess into order in an instant.

 The words that came out were just one line.

 It's "No."

 I quickly shook off my hand and said it.

 『I don't want to return to my previous world.』

 『Eh???』

 Nanahoshi was lost for words.

 "Rudeus you and Silent as well?? Talk in words I can understand??"

 And then there’s Fitts-senpai that doesn't understand Japanese.

 In the medical office there was somehow a delicate atmosphere floating around.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
