Volume 8  10 — White Mask — Second Part

Volume 8 Chapter 10 - White Mask - Second Part

 

 Part 1

 Nanahoshi Shizuka.

 If it were to be written in Kanji then it’s Seven Stars Quiet Fragrance.

 She experienced a trip.

 A trip is in other words, a teleported individual.

 If I who died and then was reborn in this world as a baby am considered a reincarnated individual, then she would be, that's right something like a person wandering astray, that kind of feeling.

 After piecing that together, I decided to be open about the fact that I was a reincarnated person.

 I am a reincarnated person and not someone who tripped.

 I just stated my cause of death as an accidental death.

 However, in regards to the circumstances, I kept them hidden.

 My appearance in my previous life was a terrible thing.

 If she were to remember I'm sure she would look at me with eyes of prejudice.

 Since the way people appear is an important thing after all.

 Well, it's also a possibility that it was my fault Nanahoshi tripped.

 I'd rather not have that pointed out as well.

 Part 2

 I listened to Nanahoshi's story.

 In nostalgic Japanese.

 Since our relationship is still one of not knowing each other, Fitts-senpai was with us as well.

 However, the language we were having the conversation in was Japanese.

 I think that Fitts-senpai spent the time rather bored.

 I'm really sorry about it.

 Soon after we started talking she declared this.

 『I have no interest in this world. I have no intention of using my knowledge from our previous world to bring prosperity like some worthless manga or light novel. Just for my own sake. I intend to put all of my effort for the sake of getting myself back to the previous world.』

 That sort of thinking was completely in contrast with my way of thinking to go on living in this world.

 After hearing her say worthless, worthless over and over as expected even I would be a bit annoyed over it.

 However, it's not as if I don't understand.

 I'm sure she couldn't, "become familiar".

 Since she has no place to belong, she has no interest. It's not as if I can't understand the feelings of wanting to cut ties with what's worthless.

 Therefore, in regards to that matter, I have no intention of correcting her on her way of thinking.

 However, Nanahoshi was being cautious of me.

 I'm sure my uncooperative conduct at the start was a bit bad.

 Most likely she's keeping secret the things that she feels.

 Naturally I'm sure.

 What are you going to do by completely trusting in an opponent who you don't know if they are an enemy or an ally?

 Even I'm being cautious of Nanahoshi.

 Even though I say that, I think I might have made a bit of a mistake.

 If there I hadn't run away after seeing her face and afterwards said, "I'm planning to remain in this world, but I'll help in searching for a method to return." then I'm sure she would have slackened her guard a bit.

 Well, there's no point in talking about something that's already past.

 Part 3

 It seems by the time Nanahoshi realized it she was in Asura Kingdom.

 In a grassland with nothing around, it seems she only understood it was Asura Kingdom sometime after.

 Without anything, no one was in her surroundings, just around the time she was troubled not knowing what she should do, Orsted appeared and it seems he sheltered her.

 『Why Orsted?』

 『…Who knows, just, it doesn't seem like he was the one who summoned me.』

 It seems she studied a number of things in regards to this world in Asura Kingdom.

 Starting with language, the existence of magic, currency, customs for living, etc…

 In that regard, she was the same as me.

 Amazing as it is, she seems to have mastered the human language in roughly a year.

 Since Orsted holds the curse that makes him hated, I'm sure there was a necessary urgency for her to learn it.

 If they're spurred on by necessity, anyone can learn things pretty fast.

 Another year later, she passed time in Asura Kingdom.

 During that time, it seems she made various techniques for cooking, clothing, and instruction while earning money.

 Making use of those concessions, she created a structure that earns her an income.

 The fact that she had the backing of one of the Seven Great World Powers, the Dragon God, became something widely known and she made use of that credibility and her own confidence in speech to establish trade routes.

 It seems she currently already has enough assets to play around for the rest of her life.

 That's pretty amazing.

 She learned her language and even created a good foundation with money.

 And all of that was nothing more than a stepping stone in order to return to our previous world.

 Being dragged around by Orsted, she collected various information for the sake of returning to the previous world, and then she thought that two of her acquaintances may have tripped to this world as well, so she spent around one year traveling the world.

 It seems that Orsted has many enemies so he ended up fighting here and there.

 Orsted is strong, so most of his opponents are defeated in a single attack.

 My fight was one of those, but since only I was somehow in a different situation, it seems she advised that I be left alive.

 In regards to that, I honestly said words of thanks to her.

 Putting aside the cause or process, if it hadn't been for the words Nanahoshi said I would have been dead after all.

 『In any case, why is Orsted-san in a dispute with the Human God [Hitogami]? Since it was all so sudden I was surprised.』

 『I don't know the details either. But, he did say he held a grudge against him. Also, if he leaves alone the apostles of the Human God, then they usually become powerful, so he usually finishes them off early on.』

 I'd prefer if he didn't suddenly attack me over a personal grudge.

 Also, I'm not an apostle of the Human God.

 Recently I've been doing whatever he says, but I only ever meet him once per year or so.

 It's not like our relationship is so intimate that I'd be called an apostle.

 In any case, she traveled around the world and there she met a variety of people.

 Orsted is someone who is hated, but the Dragon God name has value to it and can be used, with just a single letter written by him, it seems renowned magicians, knight leaders, and such will want to meet you.

 『You traveled throughout the world in one year…?』

 I got caught on that part.

 It took me two or three years to go around the world once.

 『Yeah, using a certain special method.』

 『What kind of method is that?』

 『That's right, if I were to put it in simple terms, it would be something like a warp device.』

 Door of Trip huh.

 『I believe they were called, 'Teleport Magic Circles' in this world. Do you know?』

 『I've heard of just the name.』

 When was it that I heard about it?

 If I remember, it was during the time I was coming back from Magic Continent.

 I heard about it from Ruijerd. How nostalgic.

 『I had heard that Teleport Magic Circles already don't exist anymore?』

 『It seems there are still ruins remaining, created during the time of the Human-Demon war.』

 『Oh~, ruins. Where are they?』

 『I've been forbidden from saying that so I can't tell you. Since they seem to be a taboo in this world, so I shouldn't really tell anyone.』

 『…I see.』

 『Although, since I was just following along as we went around, I don't really remember as well.』

 It seems that is the case.

 Even though she went all around the world, it was just walking from one teleport magic circle to the next teleport magic circle.

 The fact that she doesn't remember may not be a lie.

 If you were to be lead around warping all over the place without a map, there's no way to know your precise location.

 If possible, I'd like to know about something as convenient as that for once.

 Since I never know when or what might happen next time.

 Turning back our conversation.

 Nanahoshi was unable to meet the people she was searching for.

 However, she met a variety of people.

 Among those, a certain individual said something like this.

 [Haven't you been summoned to this world by someone's hands?]

 『Who was the person that said that?』

 『I can't say. I was told not to tell anyone that we met.』

 『Why?』

 『If they were to know that I was an acquaintance of his, then some troublesome guys would come visit. If you don't want to be involved in something troublesome then keep my name hidden.' is how he said it.』

 That person can't say his name.

 However, it seems that person is a world authority on Summoning techniques.

 But it seems even among what that person knows, there's nothing about techniques that can summon a person from another world.

 In the first place, putting aside summoning from another world, you can't summon people in general.

 Anyhow, she started to investigate into summoning magic and made the Magic University into her base.

 After contributing a large amount of the money she saved up, she bought B rank from the Magic Guild and the status enough to become a Special Student.

 Furthermore, making use of her connections with Asura Kingdom she introduced school uniforms and such.

 Along with a review over the Education System, and remodeling the tools used for education.

 In a flash she rose up to A rank within the magic guild.

 Furthermore if she would have provided all of the knowledge she has there was talk about reaching S rank status supposedly.

 However, she declined that.

 『I'll say it once more, but I haven't even once thought that I wanted to get along well or become a powerful person in this world.』

 Therefore, she only makes things that she feels are necessary for herself, and doesn't offer them out.

 She declared that.

 I was a bit discontent with that.

 Making the world into a more convenient place isn't a bad thing is it?

 After feeling that sort of atmosphere from me.

 Nanahoshi sighed and took a breath then said this.

 『You know, we're a foreign body to this world. If you do anything that changes history too much, you might be eliminated from the world.』

 『Eliminated from the world? What is that?』

 『Haven't you read any SF? In other words, it's a power that attempts to return the world to its natural state.』

 A power that attempts to return history to it's original nature.

 Come to think of it, I think I read a manga sort of like that in the past.

 Was it the Principle of Causality?

 『…Such a thing, does it really exist?』

 『I don't know, but I think it's better to proceed with caution.』

 She said it like that.

 Those sorts of things, I think they're more for people who time slip into the past and not really related to us who end up as people in another world though…

 …Well it's fine.

 Everyone is free to act as they please.

 After creating an environment where no one would interfere, she started to research Summoning.

 The reason why she made a false name is because guys who know of the name Nanahoshi might come around for a visit supposedly.

 In any case, Silent. Seven Star.

 I think it would have been fine for her to twist it a bit more…

 Ah, she might have wanted to leave it so the remaining two would understand if they hear it I guess…

 Rather, are there really two others?

 I haven't really heard of any names other than Nanahoshi though…

 Part 4

 Research into Summoning magic.

 For that there was a necessity to learn the foundations of magic circles.

 The Summoning magic in this world fundamentally makes use of magic circles.

 If we were to describe it like this, Attack and Healing magic use kinetic energy from magic power channeling it using incantations, and then Summoning and Barriers would make use of static magic power channeling it using magic circles.

 After reading the literature she seems to have understood what kind of thing a magic circle is.

 Without asking a teacher, by just reading books and past records, it seems she learned the knowledge on her own.

 『The way of thinking of the people in this world is coagulating. They seem to think there's nothing they can do about some things that are above themselves, but since I'm doing something that no one else has tried until now, it's something that I can't be taught about.』

 Even if you say something like that, what about me who was nothing but taught by people?

 Well, up until now I've never tried to do anything that no one else has done, so it's fine though.

 『Besides, we don't have any magic power right? Therefore, even if we were to speak about the prerequisite of magic power it would just trouble us right.』

 『…Eh?』

 A weird voice came out even for me.

 What.

 There's no magic power?

 『What's wrong? Did I say something strange?』

 『I have magic power. I can use magic after all. Just the other day I was even told I have top class magic power in the world.』

 After I said that she held onto her mask.

 I couldn't tell her expression because of the mask, but I could perceive her movements.

 『…I see, since you're reincarnated, I wonder if it's different. My aggregate magic power is… zero it seems.』

 Aggregate amount of magic power zero.

 That would mean she can't use any magic at all.

 『Incidentally, it seems that all things in this world possess magic power. Even the corpses lying around over there. Since I came from a world without magic, I thought that would be natural though…』

 Even the corpses lying around have magic power.

 Is that how it is? It's the first time I've heard that.

 However, if that's how it is then having absolutely no magic power should be considerably severe.

 『Also, that's right, this might not apply to you as well.』

 After saying that she removed the mask.

 It's the nostalgic face of a Japanese person.

 A beautiful girl, not quite going that far, but a bit above average.

 Though after giving it some thought, since I came to this world, I've really seen a lot of beautiful faces.

 Unexpectedly, Nanahoshi might be first or second among her class, a face with that sort of level.

 『Since I came to this world five years have already passed, but I didn’t grow any older.』

 Eternal youth.

 Five years.

 Her age should be about 16 or 17 years.

 『That is quite enviable isn't it?』

 After I said that her face grimaced.

 A sarcastic laugh and then she returned the mask.

 『…Well, I'm sure it's better than growing old in an unknown land.』

 Come to think of it, the version of me that comes out in my dreams with Human God [Hitogami] doesn't grow old either.

 Just as in my previous life.

 I wonder if people from another world fundamentally don't grow old.

 『I don't know what kind of principle it's working on but it's quite screwed up isn't it.』

 『I normally grow older though…』

 『…I see. I wonder if it's an issue with the body. Let's investigate the next time we have a chance. It might provide some kind of clue.』

 After Nanahoshi said that she wrote something on the note in her hand.

 I wonder if she's writing down things she realized or she wants to investigate later.

 Since I often forget about things that I only give thought, I should try imitating her.

 『Then, let's turn back our conversation.』

 She has learned about magic circles.

 It seems that a magic circle is when you turn a magic crystal into a fine powder and then after mixing it with a certain set of ingredients you turn it into a kind of paint that you use to draw.

 Since the paint works as an adhesive and merges into most things, it seems it won't simply disappear.

 Then when you let magic power flow through the paint it amplifies that power, then it displays the effects corresponding to the shape of the magic circle.

 It seems that fundamentally the paint will evaporate after one use.

 Furthermore, it seems that the type of ingredients required for the paint depend on the magic being used.

 For the most part, it seems that in order to use King class or greater large scale magic you need a special kind of paint, but in order to actually prepare it you would need enough money comparable to a nations budget.

 『Then, do the teleport magic circles in the ruins disappear after a single use?』

 『Those aren't written in that kind of paint, so it's different.』

 It seems that is the case.

 Magic circles that use paint are simply the current standard.

 It seems that magic circles in the golden age era took on a larger variety of shapes.

 Currently those methods are still around, for example, such a method as carving a magic circle directly into a stone and then letting magic power flow through it.

 According to Nanahoshi she can't use it so she hasn't investigated very deeply into it, but during the time when they make magic tools such techniques are used.

 『Rather, wouldn't that be better as the foundation?』

 『I can't use it, so it doesn't matter at all.』

 How self-centered.

 When it comes to magic circles, as long as you have the shape, paint, and magic power, most magic can be materialized.

 However, there is a single problem.

 Since the "shape" of magic circles is generally passed down through oral instruction, the majority of them have already been lost it seems.

 Now there are no people who exist that create new magic circles.

 A certain mural on some ruins in the wastelands or on a forgotten scroll deep in the treasury of a king from ancient times.

 Unless you transcribe it from such places, new magic circles won't be created.

 But, Nanahoshi is overturning that situation.

 She's investigating the laws behind magic circles.

 She said that by writing a large amount of magic circles, and repeating the experiments, she has already succeeded in developing a number of peculiar magic effects.

 It's quite amazing.

 By all means I'd like for her to teach me as well.

 Just as I was thinking that, she said it to nail the matter down.

 『However, the things that I've investigated, aren't things I would speak of readily.』

 Why not, is what I was thinking though?

 She continued speaking while pressing for an answer. 

 『Let's make a trade.』

 And.

 It seems that from here on out is the real issue.

 『I have no magic power and I hold no techniques for the sake of fighting. I probably have eternal youth but I'm not immortal.』

 『Eh?』

 『I hate this world. There's no sense of reality, the food is bad. The morality is strange, it's inconvenient……I'm sure you know but there's no such thing as shampoo in this world? Besides, I have people I've left behind in the previous world. That's why I want to return. What about you?』

 After being asked I replied immediately.

 『I like this world. I have a lot of acquaintances here, I don't want to return.』

 『I see, don't you have any family remaining in the other world?』

 『I have no regrets at all.』

 I don't even want to remember things from my previous life.

 I decided to live in this world.

 That was 15 years ago.

 In that time a lot of things have happened.

 There were good things and bad things as well.

 However, it was reasonably fulfilling.

 Even if you told me to return at this point, I would just resist with all my power.

 『I see, it was a peaceful death.』

 Nanahoshi seemed to have understood it on her own terms.

 I'll say it again but, I haven't told her that she was the person who I jumped in front of at that time.

 I did say that the cause of death was an accident, but I've kept hidden the specific details.

 『Our objectives are different. However, we mutually have things we want. Therefore, let's make a trade.』

 『Is there something that I have that Nanahoshi-san wants?』

 『Just now didn't you say it yourself? That you have top class magic power.』

 You want magic power.

 I see now.

 However, it seems like she has a large number of magic crystals in her research room.

 I wonder if that means they aren't enough.

 『I want you to help with my experiments. And then I'll teach you things that you want to know. If it's something that I don't know then I'll investigate it. Since I have quite a few connections, I have confidence in investigating things. If there's anything else I'll help out as well.』

 『In other words, let's go with a give and take relationship, you mean?』

 『That's right. It's good that you're quick to understand.』

 She seems to be smart, so I think it would be fine even if I didn't help.

 Is what I was thinking though.

 However, after all since it's a person from the same world, there must be some things she wants to try.

 She did say that it was promising to meet with another earthling as well.

 『I understand, then let's cooperate.』

 『I see, thank you. Hearing those words is a big help. I'm just saying it ahead of time, but afterwards don't come out saying you want to stop.』

 『Men don't go back on their words.』

 『…Hearing that in Japanese is somehow a little moving.』

 『If it's on this side, then no one understands the joke material.』

 Nanahoshi said, "Well then", and sat on the chair.

 She took some rings out of her pocket and put them on.

 Three even.

 I wonder what she's doing.

 After a single cough to clear her throat.

 『Then, to start things off is there anything you want to know? I've heard that you are investigating things related to the teleport incident.』

 『Umm, who did you hear that from?』

 She sent a fleeting gaze towards a slightly sullen Fitts-senpai who was unable to join our conversation.

 I see now, during the time when I was unconscious she must have talked with him for a bit.

 "Umm, what? What's going on?"

 Suddenly having the gazes aimed at him, he tilted his head with a worried face.

 "After this, we would like to hear about that incident. Nanahoshi-san from here on please use human language."

 "I understand."

 Fitts-senpai sat down next to me.

 Nanahoshi faced us.

 From here on wasn't in Japanese but in human language.

 "I don't know anything about what created that incident. However, five years ago, it's just about the time that I came to this world."

 Nanahoshi was saying in a way as if it was hard to talk about.

 Five years ago, Asura Kingdom.

 By this point, even with how dense I am, I could predict it.

 I'm sure she heard as well, that I was teleported to a different location from Fitts-senpai.

 "In other words?"

 "Most likely that incident was a reaction that occurred at the time when I came to this world. In other words…"

 There Nanahoshi cut off her words for a moment.

 And then said it.

 "In other words, that would mean I was the cause of it."

 After all huh.

 It was an answer I had already guessed halfway through.

 The fact that Summoning and the Teleport are really similar.

 And then, the fact that Nanahoshi was summoned.

 No matter how much of an idiot I am, if you gather together this many conditions then I'll understand.

 Rather, it's almost to the point that I feel relieved I'm not the cause.

 But, that wasn't the case for Fitts-senpai.

 "You were???!"

 He yelled in a loud voice which I've never normally heard, faced Nanahoshi and raised his hand.

 "…That!!!?"

 Nanahoshi raised the hand she had put the rings on.

 The ring lit up.

 Fitts-senpai's magic didn't work.

 What is that ring?

 "I…We… How much do you think we suffered because of that disaster! Father and mother??! It was your fault!"

 The instant he realized the magic wasn't coming out, Fitts-senpai leaped towards Nanahoshi.

 However, after the second ring lit up and that fist made a sound as if it hit something in mid-air.

 That ring, it's a magic tool huh.

 "Hey! Rudeus Greyrat, stop just watching and help me out here!"

 Nanahoshi's impatient voice.

 Fitts-senpai who was breathing heavily yet still throwing his fists out.

 I grabbed onto his hand.

 "Fitts-senpai, please calm down."

 "How could I calm down with this? This person was the cause, she said it herself! How can you stay that calm! Even you, even you went through a lot of trouble!"

 Fitts-senpai was agitated way beyond what I've ever seen before.

 Normally he always has a laid back attitude, but after all it seems he lost an important person in the teleport incident.

 After five years have passed he may have cleared it up to some extent though if you put the perpetrator who caused it in front of his eyes, there's no way he could remain calm.

 However, according to the story I heard, the one who caused that incident wasn't Nanahoshi.

 In my previous life, I think I was present in the instant she was teleported.

 In other words, you could say she as well was just dragged into it.

 Ah, I see now.

 Since we had the talk about those parts in Japanese.

 In other words, Fitts-senpai didn't hear it.

 It's not strange that he's mistaken.

 "Sorry about that. The explanation wasn't enough. It doesn't seem that she came because she wanted to. In other words, she's a victim."

 "Victim!? Is…is that true?"

 Fitts-senpai was still breathing in stance.

 However, it seems he believed my words, took a deep breath and sat on the chair.

 "I'm sorry. It was a bit thoughtless of a way to put it. I'm sorry about that."

 "No, it's fine, I'm sorry as well, it was so sudden."

 I guess Nanahoshi put on the rings because she considered the possibility that I might attack her in a frenzy.

 She's unexpectedly stubborn.

 Rather, that seems like quite a convenient ring.

 I wonder if it's for means of self-defense.

 I want one myself.

 "In any case, in regards to that incident, I don't really understand it myself. In that incident I was summoned, but by who, or with what objective, and then why that disaster happened. Those kinds of things, no one knows."

 "Orsted…-san, didn't say anything about it?"

 "Yeah, he didn't say anything other than this was the first time."

 I see, you don't know.

 Well, if these guys who call themselves Gods don't know then I'm sure it won't so simply be explained.

 I do have somewhat of a feeling like the Human God [Hitogami] might have said Orsted caused it but…

 Well, since it seems Orsted has that curse in operation which makes people hate him, then Hitogami as well might hate Orsted because of that curse.

 Though Orsted also seems to have some personal grudge, those two don't get along with each other.

 Unexpectedly, Hitogami might have some prejudice when he said it.

 If I'm to completely believe in Nanahoshi's story then, I can't really imagine that Orsted caused it.

 Even though she was summoned, for example, he seems to be entirely supporting the fact that she wants to return, I don't get the meaning.

 "Then, why did you say you were the cause?"

 "If afterwards you were to point it out you wouldn't like it right. That's why I said it ahead of time. That most likely I'm the cause.

 "I see now."

 Rather than hiding it she says it ahead of time herself.

 And then, she corrects it by actually saying that's wrong.

 If you were to learn about it after I guess it would be easier to calm down.

 It's a bit hard to hear.

 Although, we should go with it while taking into consideration the possibility that Nanahoshi or Orsted are lying.

 "However, I see, you don't know at all huh."

 "I don't know. However, I have prospects with my research."

 "That you'll understand the truth behind the teleport incident if you advance your research?"

 "At the very least, I'll be able to attach a theoretical explanation to it."

 She isn't going to assert that she'll know huh.

 Rather, this is more believable.

 "For that reason I need a large amount of magic power."

 "I see now, then my existence is like a ferrying ship."

 "A ferrying ship? Fufu, I guess, that would be right."

 Fitts-senpai was pouting over our conversation.

 I wonder if he still doubts Nanahoshi.

 Well, I'll make sure to slowly explain it to him later.

 In any case, I never could have imagined that gentle Fitts-senpai would lose it that much.

 He did say there was one acquaintance of his that he found but… I see, both his mother and father died as well…

 It seems like it would be better to talk again after things calm down a bit.

 "I understand. Nanahoshi-san. For today I haven't completely sorted things myself, another day, we'll come back to ask again. The specific details on what you need help with at that time."

 "I get it. We'll do it then."

 We exchanged some final short words, I lead Fitts-senpai and left that place.

 Part 5

 After I told Fitts-senpai about the circumstances surrounding Nanahoshi from the start he calmed down a bit.

 She was forcefully brought into this world and she's desperate to return.

 After telling him that, Fitts-senpai's anger seemed to subside.

 However, after the final words, he asked like this.

 "And then, Rudeus-kun, how do you feel about her?"

 How do I feel huh.

 This is, absolutely not about her face I'm sure.

 It should be talk about whether I believe or don't believe in her.

 Since I came here by reincarnating, I can completely accept her story.

 Still, to Fitts-senpai who was born and raised in this world, it might be a completely unbelievable story so suddenly.

 However, judging from Nanahoshi's tone it just felt like she really didn't care at all for this world.

 Almost as if she just quickly wanted to get things taken care of and return to her home.

 She's different from me, ever since she came to this world she's continued to succeed.

 There are various things being thought lightly of. She might have eternal life.

 She wasn't boasting about her troubles but…

 I don't really like a bit of it.

 "Honestly, there are parts that I don't really like, but for now I believe in her."

 "…I see, you don't like… Yeah, then it's fine."

 Fitts-senpai made a bitter smile.

 If here I had said I completely believed in Nanahoshi, I wonder if I would have received a warning of, "you should be more cautious."

 We were the ones to intrude upon her, so I don't think there's much concern about her trying to deceive us but…

 Well, it was just that unrealistic story after all.

 It wouldn't be surprising to be worried about me if I were to readily believe in it.

 "You were worried about me right senpai, thank you very much."

 "Eh!!? N…No, it wasn't really… worry…Yeah?? You…you're very welcome."

 Fitts-senpai became flustered.

 He finally seemed to relax.

 ---

 In any case, just like this Nanahoshi and I started a work relationship.

 There are still many things I'd like to ask, but there's no reason to be impatient.

 It's fine if I just hear about them one at a time.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
