Volume 8  11 — Daily Life at the Magic University

Volume 8 Chapter 11 - Daily Life at the Magic University

 

 Part 1

 Almost a year has passed since I entered the Magic University.

 I've turned 16 years old.

 Since there are no celebrations other than at five, ten, and fifteen years old in this world, I can't remember when my birthday was at all.

 If you look at your adventurer card everyday you could figure it out but it's not something you look at everyday.

 Well, age really doesn't matter at all.

 Part 2

 Since I met Nanahoshi, there's been a change in the flow of my daily life.

 First, my morning training.

 This is about the same as always.

 However, sometimes when I'm swinging my sword occasionally Badigadi will appear.

 He will generally just remain quiet and watch.

 It's not like he particularly goes out of his way to stick to my training, or that he was giving me any specific advice, he would just sit there with his six arms crossed nodding to himself.

 I wonder what he's coming to agreement with.

 He doesn't particularly say anything.

 If he were to open his mouth he might let out a loud laugh in the early morning and bother the neighborhood, so I don't ask either.

 I don't know what he thinks.

 He is a guy who gives off a good feeling, but I don't know what he's thinking about.

 For the most part he is a Demon King. I have a feeling that it would be bad if he ever got into a bad mood.

 However, one day, Badigadi opened his mouth.

 "Humu, it's truly an interesting training, but is there some kind of meaning to it?"

 He asked me if there was any meaning to it.

 I felt a bit of something weigh down on my heart.

 "It shouldn't be something pointless."

 After I refuted him like that.

 "You have a pointlessly large amount of magic, therefore training to wear Fighting Spirit would make such training meaningless."

 Is how he responded.

 Fighting Spirit?

 It's Fighting Spirit.

 After thinking about it I've heard people talk about this Fighting Spirit occasionally.

 However, I have no idea how you wear it, those sorts of points are kind of vague.

 It's a good opportunity. I'll ask and see.

 "What is Fighting Spirit?"

 "Fighting Spirit is in other words magic power!"

 According to Badigadi.

 Fighting Spirit is a technique where you use the magic power residing in your body and explosively increase your physical ability.

 In other words Body Reinforcement.

 That much was just as I had imagined.

 "How do you wear it?"

 "Wrap each part of your body in magic power one at a time, apply it there and harden it!"

 "Oh."

 I received some splendid advice.

 I guess this is the so called Demon King's wisdom.

 With this I should be able to become stronger.

 I should be able to become an existence that's one step higher.

 Since that's the case, I started to release magic power almost like Dragon ball and try it, almost as if it was Nen power I tried to gather the flow surrounding my body with my sense, and I tried a variety of things, but there was no difference in my physical ability.

 I just felt like I could get stronger.

 "I guess you are that then! You have no talent!"

 In an instant he explained the reason I couldn't do it.

 Normally, the thing known as Fighting Spirit, the more you train your body you'll naturally understand how to wear it is how it goes.

 I believe I've proceeded with the intention of doing a reasonable amount of training, but even now I have yet to wear Fighting Spirit.

 Therefore, I have no talent.

 It seems there are occasionally such guys.

 No matter how much they train, guys who can't wear Fighting Spirit.

 "Fuhahahaha! However, you shouldn't have a need for it! Even that Laplace never wore Fighting Spirit, but he was strong!"

 Whenever Badigadi makes comparisons to me, the name Laplace often comes up.

 I guess there is the common point in that we both possessed a vast amount of magic power.

 "Badi-sama have you met Laplace before?"

 "Humu, he annihilated most of my body in a single attack, it took a considerable amount of time to revive! I thought I was going to die that time! Fuhahahahaha!"

 I wonder if that's something to brag about.

 Well, he did fight against an amazing opponent and lived, I guess that's plenty to brag about.

 According to Badigadi.

 Laplace was a suspicious guy with a lot of mysteries to him, but he was skillful in ways to use magic power supposedly.

 "I wonder if I can be strong if I were to fight like Laplace as well."

 "You should stop with that, if you were to use magic power like that guy, your body would break apart and scatter. In the first place, for a human to have that much magic power residing in their body is already abnormal in itself!"

 Powerful magic power will destroy your body.

 I somehow or other understand things like that.

 The operation of manipulating magic power is similar to the operation of trying to stretch your arm to its limit.

 If you were to try and stretch it, bent in reverse, naturally your arm would break.

 The one known as Laplace possessed a body and techniques that balanced out his enormous magic power.

 I don't hold the body or the techniques.

 With a human body, no matter how much I train I won't become like Laplace.

 Is what seems to be the case.

 "In the first place, what do you plan to do after you become stronger?"

 "Even if you were to ask 'What?'"

 Since I was already on the verge of death once, I think it's only natural that I want to avoid it happening again.

 "I have known of any number of men that sought after strength and fame, but none of them were any good. This is about my nephew, but he's pretty stubborn you know. He's become considerably calm now, but he used to say he would strive to be the world's strongest hero until he dies. Even though there's many number of things more important than that."

 "Important things? For example."

 "For example women! If you find one yourself I'm sure you'll understand! Fuhahahaha!"

 And then Badi made a triumphant look and said that.

 Even in manga in my previous life those who seek nothing but strength are all generally no good.

 I don't really have the intention of seeking that much strength.

 In this world as well, the strong guys generally have a larger image, but it's not as if strength is justice after all.

 Rather than pursuing strength, pursue women.

 I can understand that enjoyable way of thinking.

 However, I don't know what to do in my case since I can't desire for them due to my illness.

 "Demon King-sama."

 "What is it?"

 "Do you know the way to fix impotency?"

 "………No clue."

 It seems that in my regard, the Demon King's wisdom isn't very useful.

 Part 3

 After having breakfast and heading to class.

 Recently, I've been learning about Detoxification magic in the morning.

 Intermediate Detoxification magic.

 With Detoxification magic, the large majority of conditions can be cured using just Elementary level.

 However, particular illnesses, poison produced by powerful monsters, or diseases that have reached an advanced stage, you need a pinpoint incantation and a massive amount of magic power.

 In order to use Detoxification magic above the Intermediate level you learn such pinpoint techniques.

 Those incantations are also very long.

 They're already several times longer than the incantations for attack magic at the intermediate level.

 There's a story that some important person from the past shortened the long incantations into their current state, but it seems that didn't apply to detoxification magic above intermediate level.

 There are a number of categories as well.

 For intermediate level you have to learn over 50 incantations.

 Among those there's even magic where you create poison.

 Poison is medicine, is something that's commonly said.

 Advanced level has over 100 incantations.

 After you make it this far, you really can't continue at it with a half-assed memorization ability.

 When you get to the Saint class or above the necessity for memorization gradually decreases, but in exchange the consumed magic power increases.

 Also, King class and greater are being researched by many countries and is generally kept hidden.

 There are countries that create poison which can't be healed with healing magic and then techniques are made to try and fix that.

 I guess it means that every world has its own game of tag with viruses and vaccines.

 Incidentally, the God class Detoxification magic is a single magic that cures a certain strange disease supposedly.

 If I remember correctly, it was called something like Magic Stone Disease.

 It seems to be a disease where all of the magic power in your body gradually turns you into Magic Stone.

 Historically it's said that there was only ever one person to use it.

 In regards to it's incantation words, it seems that it's kept carefully in storage in the Great Church of Milishion.

 Incidentally, going from Intermediate, Advanced, Saint class the more the rank goes up the longer the incantation gets.

 When it gets to King class I imagine it's at the level where you'd have to read an entire book.

 No matter how high this bodies memorization ability is as expected it would take quite a bit of time to memorize something like that.

 Not having any choice but to memorize scriptures, the monks and priests of every world sure have it difficult.

 Well, if it's me then I would just carry a book around with the incantation techniques written down.

 It could be possible that if I learn Detoxification magic, my illness could be cured.

 I took this class while thinking that, but after asking the teacher at the very least up to Advanced level there's no such technique that exists to cure ED.

 Obviously, I guess.

 This is something spiritual after all.

 Part 4

 Lunch.

 Up until now I've always eaten outside, but it's starting to get a bit cold out here.

 Therefore, I decided to create a building.

 I used earth magic and created a roof and walls to surround my table.

 In the center of the table I created a hole and started a fire there.

 After opening an air hole in the room, just like that a Kamakura was completed.

 Thanks to the fire the stone table warmed up a good bit.

 And then after going that far, Vice Principal Jinas came along and got angry.

 That if I'm going to the point of creating a building outside I should just eat inside.

 It can't be helped so I ended up eating on the first floor.

 I thought Zanoba would be against it, but surprisingly he didn't say anything.

 "Since Julie can't sit on the third floor."

 It seems there are no chairs for those with the social status of slaves on the third floor.

 Of course that's a local rule.

 Zanoba doesn't treat Julie as a slave.

 To the very end he treats her as a younger disciple or pupil.

 Even though I say that, since her position is still lower than his, you can still see various scenes of her being ordered around.

 The treatment of slaves really does come in a variety of ways.

 I really don't know if Zanoba's treatment is good or bad.

 However, compared to someone who is blatantly treated as a slave, it shouldn't feel as bad.

 When we went into the dining hall for some reason the crowds of people split.

 "He…hey, it's Rudeus?"

 "Isn't he amazing, he really put the squeeze on all of the Special Students all by himself."

 "I saw the time when he defeated the Demon King, a single hit, it was a single hit…"

 I heard the rumors being whispered around.

 I don't remember putting the squeeze on everyone, and after I hit the Demon King with a single hit I was knocked unconscious with three more.

 However it isn't really a bad feeling.

 I don't really want to get too full of myself though…

 The split in the crowd continued down to a certain table deep inside.

 "Fuhahahahaha! As expected even you aren't good with the cold."

 For some reason Badigadi was sitting there drinking alcohol, which doesn't even exist on the school menu.

 Since his skin is black it had changed into a dark brown color.

 I wonder if he's drunk.

 That guy's muscle is mystery meat.

 The surrounding students were giving off a feeling like they wanted me to hurry and sit as they watched.

 I wonder if this means they want me to eat here every time I use this place.

 Well, there's no problems if that's the case.

 Incidentally, Cliff and Elinalise are on the second floor.

 There was once a time when I saw that spectacle, truly they are an idiotic couple.

 They eat while feeding each other with an "ahhhn~" and don't care about people watching while they kiss.

 Since I feel empty when I see that, I try my best not to approach them.

 "Master, what Demon King-sama is drinking looks very delicious."

 "Fuhahahahah! As expected of a dwarf! To understand how great this alcohol is with just a glance! That's right, this is a rare gem that a man was hiding in the hair on his head!"

 Julie said something like that while pulling on Zanoba's cuff.

 Speaking of hair balls on the head I wonder if it's about Principal Georg.

 I had heard that the dwarves like alcohol, but I wonder if that's the case for Julie as well.

 However, isn't she way too young even if that's the case.

 But, it seems I was the only one thinking that way.

 "Humu, Demon King-sama, would it be okay to take one?"

 "Of course. Drinking alcohol alone is boring after all! Fuhahahaha!"

 After Zanoba asked, he took a cup for Julie and she started to drink it.

 I wonder if that's alright.

 As expected I wonder if she isn't too young?

 If we were to say it will be fine if we just use Detoxification later then that is true but…

 Well, I drank a little bit when I was seven years old in this world, I can't really talk about other people.

 "Now, then I'll have one cup as well."

 "Stop that since you have classes."

 "If Shisho is saying so, Badi-sama, I'm very sorry about this."

 "Fuhahahaha! Unable to drink alcohol freely, students sure have it difficult!"

 While they were having such a conversation, lunch ended.

 Me? I didn't drink anything.

 Part 5

 After lunch is over there are more classes.

 I'm learning Advanced class healing magic.

 In the fifth years' classroom.

 Unexpectedly, this is the same classroom as Pursena.

 If you were to ask what's so unexpected about it, it's that Pursena is alone.

 Rinia is taking a different class.

 It seems like Pursena mainly pursued healing magic as her field while Rinia pursued attack magic as hers.

 Normally Pursena is completely lazy.

 However, during classes she takes them seriously while chewing away at dried meat.

 Although as a special student, moreover feared as an ex-delinquent, recently she's been alone.

 It seems she was troubled being unable to make a two person group during practical skills classes.

 Which is why she was quite thankful for my existence.

 "If it's to boss, then I could hand over my precious thing nano."

 And then it was to the point where she handed over her half eaten dried meat.

 I gratefully accepted that and started tasting it, well, licking it.

 Pursena was making an amazingly disgusted face.

 Even though you said you would give it to me…

 Speaking of Rinia, recently, she's come to ask me a variety of things about attack magic.

 The majority of it seems to be things she doesn't know about melded magic.

 It seems that the case where attack magicians get stuck is generally regarding melded magic.

 I didn't get the impression that Sylphy was ever stuck, but I guess this could be the difference in the hard headedness between an adult and a child as well.

 Today it was regarding melded magic of fire and water.

 How nostalgic.

 Evaporation and condensation, I gave an explanation about the "mechanisms of rain" regarding fusion and mutual change.

 But, Rinia just tilted her head.

 As the water in the ocean evaporates it turns into clouds, inside of the clouds raindrops form, and eventually they fall down.

 If you can understand that much, then you can apply it some extent, but I received the doubt of, "If the entire ocean turned into rain, wouldn't the ocean disappear nya."

 After teaching her, "After the rain comes down it flows back into the ocean again so the amount remains the same.", she made a triumphant face and returned with, "That's a lie nya, after all the water in the Great Forest just soaks into the ground nya."

 From there I continued to explain, "the water that gets absorbed into the ground is either sucked up by trees or else enters the underground water flow…" and then she tilted her head again.

 Even though I say that, it's not as if she doesn't understand to the extent of Ghyslaine, I'm sure she'll get it eventually.

 Speaking of attack magic, I was able to learn Saint class magic of the Earth attribute.

 [Sand Storm].

 It's an upper class version of the Advanced magic, [Dust Storm].

 Judging from the sound of it I didn't think it would be anything great, but after I actually tried using it, a tremendous amount of sand and strong winds covered the entire vicinity.

 My field of vision was sealed off and even breathing became difficult.

 Even after the effective time ended, the easily crumbling sand remained over the range of the magic.

 If the Saint class water magic, [Cumulonimbus] creates a storm of wind, thunder, and rain, then [Sandstorm] is magic that creates a storm of wind and sand.

 It seems that among Saint class magic, many of them make use of weather effects.

 The teacher who taught it to me said, "There could be damage to the crops, so don't use it in the town."

 I guess saying that in preparation for the time you teach Saint class magic is a custom.

 In any case, with this I can use Saint class earth magic as well.

 Dossei.

 Just joking.

 In regards to the other two attributes, if I have time I'll try to find a teacher that will teach me them.

 Incidentally, that Earth Saint class teacher said, "I couldn't have imagined that you didn't already know the Saint class magic."

 According to Badigadi, my chantless magic attacks are already pushing the limits of King class, it seems they assumed it was only natural I had already learned Saint class.

 That Demon King-sama told me that the Rock Bullet I fired off had power equal to Emperor class magic.

 It seems that he's never seen any magician who uses magic with that much pinpoint destructive power other than Laplace.

 Then I asked if it would be fine to call myself an Earth Emperor class magician and I was told that calling myself that is at my own convenience.

 Since it was said in a way that had some kind of hidden implication, I decided not to do it.

 Nothing good has come from being talked about as amazing without reason after all.

 Part 6

 Around the time of early afternoon I head towards Nanahoshi's research room.

 Her research room is spacious.

 Soon after entering, you get the impression of things jumbled about similar to a storage room.

 After heading to the room next door to the storage room.

 There is an experiment room that is covered in something like tile.

 Furthermore if you head further to the next door of the classroom, it's Nanahoshi's bedroom.

 It seems a certain corner in her bedroom has turned into something like a food warehouse.

 I wonder if things like mice and cockroaches come out from keeping food in the same place that she sleeps.

 I understand it just from glancing at the features of the room, but she has the talent to become a hikikomori.

 Since I'm the one saying it, there's no mistake.

 Incidentally, entry into her bedroom has been forbidden.

 Fundamentally what we do is experiments relating to Summoning magic.

 In the experiment room I pour my magic power into original magic circles she's drawn.

 It's not that much work, but it's repeated endlessly.

 It's because we're taking the approach, "they're most likely magic circles that are failures."

 No matter how much money she has saved up, it's not like she has an infinite stockpile of magic crystals on hand, also, there's a limit to how many magic crystals there are on the market, if she buys them all out she might end up attracting the resentment of various groups.

 Since that's the case, there were many experiments where she was hesitating to try it seems.

 I just kept continuing to pour my magic power into magic circles.

 Generally nothing came out. The paint would disappear and just the rough draft would be remaining.

 But, occasionally an immense amount of magic power ends up being sucked up and then some strange thing comes out.

 For example a dirty black feather or a bug's leg.

 When I ask if we've succeeded, she returns with obviously it's a failure.

 However, since I don't know what is going on, a bit of stress builds up.

 "Rather, what exactly are you trying to do with these experiments?"

 "It's for the sake of trying to summon a person from our world… they're experiments for the sake of understanding the theory behind it, the very first of first of first phases."

 If she were to complete a magic circle for the sake of summoning people, can she make a magic circle in reverse that sends them back? She doesn't seem to know for sure.

 Even though I say that, this is the very first of first of first steps, huh.

 It seems like there's still a long ways to go.

 However, even this is fine.

 "Summoning a person you say, if you do the same thing, wouldn't that disaster happen again?"

 "Of course, I don't have any intention of causing a disaster. However, if I can get proof of another two theories, I can make a hypothesis on the reason why that disaster occurred."

 Is what seems to be the case.

 "Failures follow along with experiments, since there's such words out there, please don't think too lightly of it. There were a considerable amount of deaths in that disaster."

 "If you're going to say that then it's 'with life'. Even if you didn't say it I already know that. That's why, just like this I'm fortifying my foundations currently."

 So this was fortifying the foundations.

 I don't really get it.

 Since this is the case it might be good for me to learn summoning techniques as well.

 "I would like to learn about summoning magic as well is that fine?"

 "Summoning techniques are my life line you know. I won't readily teach it."

 "Didn't you say you would teach me anything?"

 After saying that, Nanahoshi went "cheh" and clicked with her tongue.

 "After this current experiment ends, I'll answer one of your questions."

 "One? I don't think that matches up very well."

 "After all of the experiments end, when I return, I'll gather together all of the experiment results, information, and connections and give them to you, therefore, endure it for a bit for now."

 It seems Nanahoshi is irritated.

 Well, I guess I'm being a bit selfish asking for something when there’s been no result yet.

 Just as I was thinking that, she gave me a single book.

 It's the book called, [Shigu's Summoning Techniques].

 "If you want to know about it that much, research it yourself."

 I feel like I've seen it somewhere before, but I have no memory of reading it.

 I'll gratefully take the time to read it.

 The experiments for the time being are that kind of feeling.

 It seems Nanahoshi is trying out thousands of different magic circle patterns in order to hit on a success and figure the laws behind them.

 It's an operation that will take a while.

 Part 7

 I stopped going to the library.

 However, Fitts-senpai occasionally joins in on the experiments.

 After seeing him, I came to understand that the operation I'm doing is rigorous.

 After all, when he goes through only about 20 scrolls his magic power is exhausted.

 "Rudeus-kun, this, just one of these consumes about the same amount of magic power as an Advanced spell."

 Were Fitts-senpai's remarks on it.

 Fitts-senpai is a chantless magic user, but it seems his aggregate amount of magic power isn't all that high.

 No, it seems to be considerably large if you compare it to the average person's level, but after all I really am an abnormality.

 I'd really like someone to give me some kind of numerical value.

 However, if Fitts-senpai who is one with proven real ability does it, it's this much.

 I don't know what kind of magic circles Nanahoshi is drawing, but I guess that means that summoning magic uses up that idiotic of an amount of magic power.

 Unlike attack magic, it doesn't seem to be something that can be used a number of times in battle, so it's not strange for it to be few times.

 However, even the scrolls that ends up clearly being failures cause Fitts-senpai's magic power to be exhausted.

 No, precisely because we're trying to summon from another world should be why it consumes that much magic power.

 "Sorry, since I have the matters as a guard, I can't help anymore with this… if I don't leave magic power remaining for the time something happens…"

 "It can't be helped I guess."

 Fitts-senpai seems gloomy recently.

 It seems his feelings are a bit hurt.

 In regards to magic, I'm sure he had a bit of pride in it.

 Everyone has some pride.

 "…"

 Nanahoshi didn't talk down to Fitts-senpai.

 It seems Fitts-senpai isn't very good with Nanahoshi as well.

 "I'm… useless aren't I."

 Fitts-senpai said it in a really lonely way, but I shook my head.

 "There's no way that's the case."

 "I wonder?"

 "Yeah, just having Fitts-senpai here is reassuring."

 During this past year, I've depended on Fitts-senpai a considerable amount.

 After this much time, there's no way I would want to say, "you're useless, so goodbye."

 If Fitts-senpai feels it's impossible no matter what, then I won't try to restrain him, but if he withdraws because he's lacking in strength, then I want to say "wait."

 "It's fine if it's just when you have time, please come again. Aren't we friends that have researched it together up until now. Let's continue to close in on the truth together."

 "…I see, thank you."

 Fitts-senpai said that and laughed bashfully.

 I'm really weak to this smile.

 I think Fitts-senpai is around 13 years old right now, but after a few more years pass I wonder if he'll become a handsome man that makes women cry.

 No well, how do I put it.

 Frankly, recently I've only been able to see Fitts-senpai as a woman though.

 I wonder if my eyes are going strange.

 Could it be that I've already awoken to that path?

 Part 8

 Since the sun was setting, I returned to the dorms with Fitts-senpai.

 We separated in front of the female dorms.

 "Ah, that's right, Rudeus-kun."

 "What is it?"

 "I think it would be fine for you to take the main path back?"

 While saying that, Fitts-senpai pointed towards the path in front of him.

 Soon after entering this school, I was stuck with the false charge of being an underwear thief by going down that path.

 Ever since that day, I don't go near that path.

 "You must be joking by saying that. If I try walking down there again, they'll just scream with a 'kya~' again right?"

 "Nfufu, you've become considerably popular in the female dorm you know."

 "Eh? Seriously? Kind of like the Super Popular Prince of Tennis?"

 "Tenni???"

 Fitts-senpai made a face of confusion.

 "Umm, you know, they say you're a gentleman who disciplines the bad guys, but you don't put your hands on normal students. After all, even though you're strong enough to defeat the Demon King who defeated all of the Beast Race warriors in a single hit, even after you were surrounded and threatened like that, you didn't do anything in return."

 Don't lie…

 Just the other day I heard some rumors.

 I was listening properly.

 I shouldn't have any popularity.

 Seriously none.

 "Fufu, at first they were all afraid, but Rinia and Pursena went around saying it. Boss is a tolerant gentleman therefore he won't go around putting his hands on weaklings nya, like that."

 While Fitts-senpai was saying that, he put his hands around his ears imitating Rinia.

 How do I put it.

 Ah.

 Cute.

 I feel like something around the top of my hips is going to descend.

 "And then, it seems like everyone finally realized Rudeus-kun's charm. Even though your outfit is a bit poor looking, after taking a close look your face isn't bad, your silhouette is amazing, and that even though you're strong you're not selfish is good."

 Oh~?

 Those two, somehow, they really say some good things huh.

 According to the story, it seems they're keeping quiet about my impotency as well.

 I guess I should treat Pursena to some expensive meat.

 I wonder what Rinia would like. I'm sure it would be position, fame, or money.

 "There are still people who are afraid though, Goriade-san for example."

 "Ah, I'm sure there's no helping it with her. She was leading the group that time after all. The other day it seems we got a bit too caught up with something as well."

 "I see. Rinia and Pursena as well, every time they see Goriade-san they go to pick a fight with her about that day."

 They go to pick a fight.

 In response to those words, I remembered the image of a trembling Gorilla from the other day.

 It's the scene of bullying.

 "Fitts-senpai won't stop them?"

 "I won't stop them. After all, that was Goriade-san's fault, she was just selfishly finding faults to make Rudeus-kun into the bad person. It's good medicine."

 Fitts-senpai as well is considerably heartless.

 However, bullying isn't good.

 "Since I'm sure she didn't have any ill intent, please don't drive her too far into the corner… Will you please convey that to Rinia and Pursena as well?"

 My tone of voice stiffened up a bit.

 Fitts-senpai went into a panic and put up the palm of his hand facing me.

 "Ah, that's wrong. It's not like I'm specifically driving her into a corner. How do I put it, kind of peacefully, it has a kind of feeling where Goriade-san as well is like, 'Really, please let me go on that already.'"

 I wonder if Goriade-san really had that kind of friendly, touchy character.

 There's a paper thin difference between bullying and touchiness, so it's better to be careful around there as it's dangerous.

 "I see, it's fine as long as it remains within the scope of joking around but… in any case since I'm not really bothered over it, Fitts-senpai as well please make sure it doesn't go too far."

 "Rudeus-kun sure is kind. Yeah. I'll convey that along to Goriade-san as well."

 It's fine for you to not convey that to Goriade-san.

 I'll be troubled with the disposal if she ends up sending panties or something as a sign of gratitude after all.

 "Eh~?"

 While Fitts-senpai was bashfully laughing as he went down the path.

 I remained in that place.

 After he walked about three steps, Fitts-senpai turned around.

 "Umm, since that's the case, it's alright you know?"

 "No, since I've already got my long-awaited good image attached, I'll avoid walking through as if I belong there."

 I said that while making my game face.

 "I…I see? That's just like Rudeus-kun."

 Fitts-senpai stuttered while trying to hold his lips together.

 I wonder if he's laughing.

 After all I wonder if it's better if I don't use my game face.

 Many months and years ago I was told that my laughing face is creepy.

 Hypermetric.

 "Yeah. See you next time, Rudeus-kun."

 "Yes, we'll meet again."

 And then, I separated with Fitts-senpai.

 Part 9

 After dinner I teach Julie magic in Zanoba's room.

 Julie is diligent and clever. She absorbs things almost like a sponge.

 She's skillful with her hands as well. Anything she can't do with magic, she manages with her hands.

 Putting it like this might not be a good way of saying it, but she was a good purchase.

 Certainly, someone like her is a lucky find among slaves I'm sure.

 Even though I say that, it's still the first year.

 She's still completely lacking in the amount of magic power and her precision is nowhere close as well.

 Even if I say she's skilled with her hands as well, the clumsiness of being a beginner with carving tools still remains.

 I'm sure there's a necessity to look at it over the long term.

 While I was instructing her, I worked on making my own doll.

 Recently, I've started making a "1/8 Fitts-senpai".

 Even though I say that, since Fitts-senpai is always wearing baggy clothes, I don't know how his body line looks.

 Since the elves have almost no body fat, I think he should be pretty thin but…

 The problem is whether to make it attached or removable.

 Though it's fine as long as I don't make it so the clothes can be taken off.

 However, I'm wavering.

 In my brain I don't want it to be attached, but if the person himself were to see it he might get angry.

 If I were to complete it, I would want to show it to him as well. I'm lost on what to do…

 "If you want, I can forcefully strip him of his clothes?"

 "Please stop that."

 In regards to my hesitation over it, Zanoba came out saying something like that, but it's rejected.

 Incidentally, speaking of what Zanoba is doing, under my direction, he's continuing work on creation of the Red Dragon figurine.

 Since each of the parts of the Red Dragon are large, it's oriented towards Zanoba.

 Although, since Zanoba is clumsy with his fingers as usual, the progress is slow.

 It's fine to do it slowly.

 Part 10

 Before I go to sleep, I read [Shigu's Summoning Techniques].

 It's a story about how a witch named Shigu summoned one magic beast after another.

 And then, in the end she used a large quantity of offerings and a tremendous amount of magic power to summon a magic beast stronger than herself, and was eaten alive.

 Her disciples lamented in grief and swore in their hearts to never summon a magic beast beyond their own ability.

 It seems to be intended as a moral instruction, similar to a fairy-tale.

 It was good for getting the image that if an amateur with an excessive amount of magic power like me tries to use too much to summon a magic beast, there's the possibility that I might summon a dangerous one that can't be controlled.

 If I were to learn it, then it has that sort of merit. The demerit would be that I need to precisely keep it held down I'm sure.

 However, there wasn’t any specific detail on the method or magic circles for summoning written down in the book.

 I wonder what she was telling me to research with this.

 ---

 Just like this, my every day life continues.

 I still haven't found the method to cure my illness.

 While I haven't found it, I do feel like I've reached the next step towards it.

 Or else, maybe I should desperately try to explore for a solution in a greater variety of directions without being too optimistic.

 Just as I was thinking something like that on a certain day.

 I started to head towards solving all of my troubles at once.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
