Volume 9  2 — Guardian Magician Introduction - Fitts

Volume 9 Chapter 2 - Guardian Magician Introduction - Fitts

 

 Part 1

 『The Kingdom of Asura's Imperial City's Royal Palace - Silver Palace.

 In the Garden of Plants where the blossoming white flowers were collected.

 Also known as, the White Lilies Garden.

 It was there that the monster suddenly appeared.

 It was there, before the eyes of the second princess Ariel, who was taking a stroll in the white Lilies Garden.

 The monster, Terminate Boar, instantly killed the guard of the princess, Guardian Magician Derrick Redbat.

 The monster oriented its evil tusk towards the princess.

 The monster was defeated by the hands of the Guardian Knight Luke, and the princess was able to escape her predicament.

 Admirably, Luke protected the princess' life with his own body.』

 A monster appearing in the Royal Palace was an unprecedented incident.

 Such a thing happening was talked about by the Nobles in the Royal Palace.

 The existence of Sylphy was concealed with help from the nobles of the Second Princess Faction.

 Lord Liston alone of the Second Princess Faction declared the following:

 [Someone had to have secretly smuggled in a Terminate Boar into the Royal Palace and released it at the best timing- when the princess would be walking in the garden.

 This must be a plot belonging to the Second Princess's Opposition Faction.

 The only person that could feasibly do this, Lord August, is in charge of the Royal Palace's defense.

 It is known that Lord August is the leader of the First Prince Faction.

 So without a doubt, this plot must be an act on behalf of the First Prince Faction.]

 Due to the rash actions of Lord Liston, this caused the second princess faction to be cornered, and began its tentative collapse.

 Part 2

 Sylphy was cordially nursed to health.

 She, who came flying down from the heavens, was the one who saved the princess.

 It is a matter of course to well receive the hero who saved the princess in a pinch.

 Contrary to some opinions, there were voices that regarded her as dangerous as well.

 Suddenly appearing and killing the Terminate Boar with a single blow.

 Also able to use chantless magic, for which the only known user was the master of the Magic Academy.

 It's suspicious.

 So all the nobles who knew of her concealed her existence and decided to keep the questioning in-house.

 Among those questions asked were:

 [Wouldn't it have been better to have disposed of her while she was unconscious?]

 When this opinion came out, the second princess Ariel Anemoi Asura stated clearly:

 [Does it matter what her true identity is? She is the benefactor who saved my life. I will not forgive any rudeness in this matter.]

 Then, to these words, Guardian Knight Luke also agreed:

 [I also feel this way. Suppose for a moment that this girl was sent to harm the princess, then she certainly wouldn't have had a reason to stop the monster's attack.]

 It's clear that if Sylphy didn't appear at that time, the Princess and Luke would both be dead.

 If Sylphy was a man, Luke might have changed his opinion on the matter.

 Although breast size was nothing more than a hobby of his, the reason was because she was a beautiful girl with a pretty face, and that improved her impression on that of Luke, a ladies' man.

 [If the Princess says so.]

 [Luke even made a good point.]

 [We shouldn't go that route.]

 The result of the discussion, they would do an interrogation, but even in the case that she is concluded to be an enemy she would be overlooked.

 And so the debate came to a conclusion.

 Part 3

 The moment Sylphy woke up, she thought she was in a dream.

 The bed was too luxurious.

 The clothes worn by the people were too luxurious.

 The room was too luxurious.

 'I don't know the reason why I'm in such an amazingly luxurious place.'

 [Yo, good morning.]

 One of them spoke.

 The one with the dressings of a Knight, who seemed just a little bit older.

 Then Sylphy opened her mouth.

 For just a moment, he resembled Rudeus.

 [My name is Luke. Luke Notus Greyrat. And yours is?]

 His soft smiling face made one feel relieved.

 Every noble girl had surrendered themselves to his childish smile.

 While there were some who could resist, they found they could not speak.

 He was possessed by such pride.

 […!]

 Sylphy, in order to protect her foolish self, curled her body up into the fetal position.

 Even though he looks like Rudeus, she disliked other children of the same age.

 Still to this day, there were children in Buina village who glanced at her with hostility.

 [Oh, what's this? What's the matter?]

 Seeing the excessively frightened Sylphy, the boy became agitated.

 It seems that it was the first time he had experienced being rejected.

 Watching this play out, the surrounding nobles laughed.

 [Ha ha ha! It seems she's not the type to fall for a lady-killer like you!]

 [We left care of this to you because you are said to be the most skillful in handling young ladies…]

 [You are still too young for something like this, give it up already!]

 The surrounding adults said such things towards Luke, trying to make him quit.

 However, Luke obstinately stood his ground.

 [Please wait. From here, it starts from here!]

 He was possessed of only a single word in regards to a woman.

 It was his 'pride'.

 [I am sorry, have I given you a reason to be afraid?

 Still, if you will allow me to, I would like to express my gratitude.

 You of the beautiful white-washed hair, I am truly thankful that you have saved my life.]

 Sylphy wondered what in the world he meant by white-washed hair?

 Who is this boy?

 While confused, she saw the side of the bed.

 There was a dresser placed there.

 It is said in this world that a [mirror] is extremely expensive, however…

 […]

 At first glance, Sylphy did not realize that she was seeing herself.

 With the girl sitting up alone, on the bed, there was something strange.

 Their eyes meet.

 When she moves her hand, the girl's hand moves too.

 She immediately came to realize that it was the same thing as what was being reflected in the surface of the water.

 Sylphy was surprised.

 […Eh?]

 The hair of Sylphy had become pure-white.

 [W, white?]

 While Sylphy was confused, Luke continued to talk kindly.

 Luke bowed his head, and praised the white hair of Sylphy in flowery words that she didn't quite understand.

 [Yes. Your hair is like the first snow that falls in the late autumn.]

 Those words which would set one's teeth on edge do not reach the heart of Sylphy.

 Sylphy was earnestly confused.

 Her hair should have been green.

 Though there was no mirror then, she had seen the hair left on her comb before.

 Nevertheless she wondered why it had whitened.

 While it was a happy thing for sure, she didn't understand the meaning behind it.

 [W, why… is it?]

 How did it become this way?

 Where am I, anyway?

 Why am I even here?

 And for that matter, how did I even get here?

 Sylphy truly could not comprehend, so she only sounded pitiable when she finally spoke.

 Part 4

 Afterwards, the questioning started.

 The nobles conducted the questions.

 Luke, who was no longer necessary to keep her company, with a shocked face stepped aside.

 [Where did you come from?]

 [Whose underling are you?]

 [Whom did you learn magic from?]

 Sylphy did not understand the situation.

 Why? Why am I here? Why am I surrounded by all these people with scary faces?

 However, since she was asked, she replied honestly.

 I, who hail from Fedoa Region, am the only daughter of a hunter in Buina Village, and learned magic from my friend, Rudi.

 And before I knew it, I was in the air.

 Somehow, I came down near the place that monster was at, and then I used the magic I knew to defeat it.

 I have no idea how or why any of this happened.

 So I answered honestly.

 The nobles who heard, looked at her doubtfully.

 A village with a child magician.

 Suddenly realizing they are in the air.

 Suddenly realizing there is a monster.

 It was not a believable story.

 Still this matter, a wandering magician who tries to carry favor with the princess, did a performance of defeating the Terminate Boar to show their power.

 It was easy to understand why they had complaints.

 There wasn't one reason to believe in anything Sylphy said.

 The nobles of the Second Princess Faction talked about this and that for a while.

 [Come to think about it, there is a story like that…]

 Amongst themselves, one noble recounted the rumor he had heard.

 [There was a noble of Boreas who employed a tutor. They could use the chantless magic as well. He was a young genius who was able to use saint class magic at an early age. Is not, perhaps, this person that so-called genius?]

 It is Rudeus.

 To the Imperial City, only faint rumors of Rudeus had yet been transmitted.

 It is because of the pressure on information Sauros exerted.

 However, when Sauros was a bit moved by the sake, he was boasting about a boy who was like a son to him.

 A story of a genius boy, who defeated the minions of the senior minister.

 A genius boy, whose superiority the Sword King Ghyslaine acknowledged.

 A genius boy, who managed the Boreas' violent daughter.

 A genius boy, with a tasteless hobby.

 It was nothing more than an unlikely rumor.

 Therefore, the nobles treated it as only idle talk.

 However, Sylphy was able to actually use the chantless magic.

 Where it was able to fit in, the truth of the rumor began to take form.

 [Ah, but sadly, that is the story of a boy!]

 [The main point would be that wouldn't it be strange for them to be in the Imperial Capital?]

 The nobles puzzled over this.

 They questioned Sylphy again.

 Asking leading questions.

 [Perhaps your real name is that of the one called 'Rudeus,' isn't that right?]

 [D, different! It's different, Rudeus that is, Rudi… umm, is the person who taught me magic.]

 Sylphy, down to the tiny details, told them about how the boy called Rudeus Greyrat was the one who taught her magic.

 How Rudi is very wise and how Rudi taught her various things.

 That story had very much astonished the nobles.

 If the story is really true then, that genius boy does exist, and before leaving the village, he had arranged to leave an apprentice.

 It is not an ordinary apprentice.

 It is an user of chantless magic.

 Surely this is an ominous circumstance.

 Well, if any of the stories are true.

 With the information manipulation by Sauros, the case and circumstances of whether the person was a boy or girl can be changed.

 However, the fact that this girl is a user of chantless magic is a reality.

 Users of chantless magic are a rarity.

 If Sylphiette said that she was not that genius boy in question, then the probability that she is his disciple remains high.

 The real name of that genius is Rudeus Greyrat.

 When the full name was spoken, a [Hm?] was uttered and many nobles were puzzled.

 What is Greyrat? Why is it the name of the Upper Nobility who protect all the sides of the Asura Kingdom.

 The name of Greyrat is not unusual to any degree in this country.

 It is known as a family with a fondness for women.

 To hear that a lower noble's daughter or maid has conceived a child in order to become a mistress is not an uncommon thing to hear.

 And, thus, it is allowed for those mistresses to call themselves Greyrat.

 They decided that the names of the four protected sides they would be called by would be:

 Notus

 Boreas

 Euros

 Zephyrus

 There are many people who introduce themselves in Asura Kingdom as Greyrat.

 However, though an ordinary name, the talk becomes different when it’s about a genius.

 For nobles who wish to be established, they need to have blood relations with one of the four main branches of Greyrat, no doubt he had been working towards that end.

 That he started out with the Boreas, by being hired through Philip, Sauros' so-called illegitimate child, was also guessed at.

 At least, something like a betrothal to Boreas' shrew-like daughter could make it so he could claim the name.

 Luke says that none of his family, brothers or anyone has a boy with that name.

 [It will be necessary to examine it more in detail.]

 Nobles very much loved thinking of things to do with power struggles.

 If Rudeus chose someone other than Notus, plans would be crafted to sabotage him.

 However if he chose Notus, there were a chance he could be enlisted as an ally.

 And so, their talks deviated from the original purpose of validating the identity of Sylphy.

 To them, the possibility of a power struggle was of far more importance than anything trivial, like the true nature of Sylphy after all.

 Part 5

 One week later.

 News about the disappearance of Fedoa Region had made it to the Imperial City.

 It was a prompt report.

 On the day of the Metastasis Event, there was a knight who was just barely outside the range of effect by chance.

 They reported on the situation at the nearest town.

 A second knight succeeded the first, continuing on a horse without rest for a day, and relayed the information to the next big city.

 From there, alternative means such as a carrier pigeon were employed to spread the word to the Imperial City.

 The king received word of this, and appointed the Asura Magic Division to investigate.

 It had been one week until news had come to the Imperial City.

 Meanwhile reports had come out of people and monsters suddenly appearing all over the place.

 Even with all the reports, the cause was dealt with as an incomprehensible and mysterious event.

 However by way of this report, it was made clear that it was a large-scale metastasis event.

 Information on the calamity had spread to the Imperial Capital in the twinkling of an eye.

 Naturally such information reached the ear of Sylphy.

 Mother and Father, she had no idea where her family was.

 Everyone was missing.

 [What…this…?]

 After hearing of such a story, this common girl was completely stunned.

 She did not comprehend what had happened enough to react sufficiently.

 Or probably even how to react at all.

 What happened?

 The nobles also wavered on how to deal with Sylphy.

 When the answers emerged as to how Sylphy and the monster had abruptly showed up, it was attributed to the large-scale metastasis.

 Any doubt that she was a spy had faded away.

 And going by her claims, the possibility that she was the child of a lowly hunter became high.

 Hunter.

 No matter how much the princess herself was helped, it remains that a hunter is a person at the lowest point of commoner status.

 And those of the inner palace will not let a fact like that pass by them.

 However even if you were to go home, there was no house left to go home to.

 [Well, well, we're in a troubling situation it seems.]

 [The Royal Palace doesn't handle social differences very well at all, and it seems there is no home to send you back to, either.]

 [Is there someone who can receive custody of you, I wonder?]

 If this person was an user of chantless magic, then they would be helpful in one way or another.

 Mentioning it further, an Elf with white hair is a curiosity, and if they were to reach adulthood they would undoubtedly be useful for carrying out various duties…

 And with a lewd smile, the nobles check with each other that they've arrived at the same mutual thought.

 Then suddenly among those thoughts, the second princess dropped a bombshell with her speech.

 [Since the house of Sylphiette has gone and vanished,

 Then it's fine that she lives together with myself in this castle.

 Shall we become good friends?]

 The second princess was exceedingly pleased with Sylphy.

 Of course, the fact that Sylphy had saved her wasn't the only reason.

 When it comes to being the princess, it’s only natural that she helps others.

 Sylphy's incomplete knowledge on etiquette was an issue.

 Though it seemed to be normal, her words were considered to be a little impolite, and her behavior also was thought to be a little impolite.

 If the conversational partner was a noble, then she would be walking a thin line on tolerable speech.

 If the conversational partner was a royal, then there wasn't a line there that would have been tolerable to walk.

 The second princess accepted it as ["Informal speech"] and ["Friendly"].

 [Um, Ojou-sama. Isn't there a too big difference between our status?]

 [So? If it will hurry our friendship along… then, how about my guard. Won't you please serve me as a guard then?

 Presently, my guard consists solely of Luke, my Guardian Knight. The seat of the Guardian Magician has recently become vacant.]

 [Eh? But, I, don't have anything like a strong power…]

 [Saying you aren't powerful… kusukusu, how modest you are!]

 Of course, the nobles opposed such a thing.

 Even with the effectiveness with the event.

 Even with the ability to use chantless magic.

 Even with the saving of the princess.

 Sylphy in the end is still a commoner's child.

 And in addition to that, now there is no longer a way to clear up her familial origin.

 Though the claim is that of a hunter's child, there is no evidence of it.

 On the contrary, having lived in a farm village, somehow high etiquette was known.

 To put it bluntly, her true character cannot be known at this time.

 These words were only for the sake of appearance.

 This useful child was too valuable to be the princess' new toy, or so it was thought.

 Ariel however flat out rejected their opinions.

 [Sylphy is the benefactor who saved my life.

 And is now a friend!

 Who gives a damn about the fact she is a commoner!?

 I will not forgive rude behavior!]

 At these words, Luke made a bitter face.

 Part of his duties as a Guardian Knight, included getting rid of bad insects who would get close to the princess.

 As for whether or not Sylphy was an useful insect or a harmful insect he did not yet know, and yet it was still the job of Luke to protect the princess even from insects whose true nature was not yet known.

 He also expressed gratitude to Sylphy.

 His life had been saved.

 The actuality of the thanks was in the appreciation of the fact that only one person had died.

 To be granted revenge against the colleague Guardian Magician Derrick, those feelings were a plus.

 From the start, Luke had long thought the Guardian Magician Derrick to be a disgusting guy.

 Though a little bit of time had changed those thoughts.

 While Derrick was a magician, he had sacrificed his body to stop the assault of the Terminate Boar.

 That was a man of proud character.

 If not for him, and the appearance of Sylphy, the princess would have only had death to look forward to.

 And also if Sylphy had not appeared, Luke would also have died.

 Anyhow because bringing weapons into the garden was forbidden, Luke was swordless.

 If there had been a sword, then at least if Luke was not able to win, he still would have been able to let the princess escape…

 Because of such circumstances, Luke had a favorable regard towards Sylphy.

 Be that as it may, by all rights, the splendid position of the Princess' Guardian Magician has been filled for generations by upper nobility.

 To allow an unsophisticated girl to suddenly be ushered into that role is a difficult thing to accept.

 It is completely possible for the children of the upper nobility like himself to completely despise this one.

 [Whatever the decision is, I will obey it.]

 Therefore, Luke said that even if he didn't approve of it, he would not oppose the decision, and closes his eyes in a noncommittal manner.

 This matter caused a bit of a fluster among the nobles.

 Setting aside their own desires.

 Even if the princess is pleased with Sylphy,

 Sylphy might not hold the same feelings towards the princess.

 The hunter's daughter, a victim swallowed up by the metastasis.

 Even with that fact, from there on there would be friction with the princess.

 For example, the others of the first prince faction were likely to take advantage of her.

 When considered, by no means would Sylphy be permitted to be near the side of the princess.

 The reason being, that all Asura nobles are malicious.

 Supposing, if Sylphy was just a 'Village Daughter' having no power at all.

 And in addition to that somehow it was allowed.

 However, the existence of Sylphy had exceeded the category of 'Village Daughter.'

 Having intermediate class chantless magic, even if there were some crude bits of commoner, she also understood the importance of etiquette.

 Her existence was a mystery indeed.

 [I wonder, where in the world did you learn etiquette at?]

 [Umm, In my village, I had been accepting instruction from a kind person called 'Lilia-san.']

 'Lilia.'

 The moment that name appeared, Ariel's impression improved further.

 [Lilia! I remember her. When I was a child, oneself was presented with a person which defended myself, she was a Maid of the Imperial Guard!]

 And then the impressions of the nobles worsened further.

 The imperial guard maid of the inner palace, the story of her becoming unable to work due to injuries, and the story of her dismissal had been heard before.

 Mostly it was slips of the tongue that talked about 'secretly dealing' with someone who knew secrets from the Inner Palace.

 Lilia had escaped to the Fedoa Region.

 [Umm, Lilia-san, ah, she served Rudi's father, whose name is Paul.]

 [Paul, you said?]

 The new name appeared.

 Paul Notus Greyrat

 If one speaks of Paul, it is known he is a man famous for being a bad boy of the Notus family.

 There were rumors that he held a grudge against the former head of the family as well.

 A maid of the inner palace, taken in by the absconded son of upper nobility, instilling etiquette in the user of chantless magic.

 This was too good to just be left to chance.

 To the nobles, who are absorbed in schemes, it was no longer possible to think of this as fiction.

 Investigating further was pointless, since Fedoa Region had already disappeared.

 It was difficult to ascertain the truth of the matter.

 [Now what should we do…?]

 [Hmph.]

 The nobles worried.

 Ariel rarely says selfish things.

 And it was true that the seat of the Guardian Magician was open.

 Although Sylphy was originally a commoner, she had certifiable skill as a Magician, and knows etiquette even though it is imperfect.

 The ability is not bad.

 And because it is not bad, there must be vigilance.

 One of the Greyrats belongs to the second princess faction.

 The one who is called "Luke" and is symbolically the Guardian Knight.

 For Ariel, the Notus, are an ally.

 However Paul Greyrat is a man who threw away his title after some discord with his parents.

 If they are an enemy of the Notus, then consequently there is the possibility that they are an enemy of Ariel as well.

 Was Sylphy not aware of that when she gave the name of Paul?

 What was the meaning of that?

 If she wanted to receive the trust of Ariel, she should not have given out the name of Paul.

 That's something she should have understood.

 Then, because she gave that name out, does it imply that they are not an enemy?

 However if that's the case in doing so, then who in the world is the mastermind that is pulling the strings of this girl?

 At least, there is no mistaking that they are indeed an enemy of Notus.

 However the people who want to be hostile to the large noble family of Greyrat are few indeed.

 Saying and doing, it seems all the Greyrat are identical in that.

 And so they hit upon something.

 Of the similar Greyrat, there was one person unfriendly with Philemon who was the current family head.

 It was Sauros Boreas Greyrat.

 Sauros was always backbiting and criticizing that Paul should have become the family head, and not Philemon.

 However he was not the type of person who would involve such a young girl in politics.

 If that's the case then there is another one.

 Philip Boreas Greyrat.

 If it is him then, he would crush the second princess whom Notus supports, someone like him could definitely wind his hand around the strings of this young girl.

 Sauros and Philip, and even Rudeus, they are all missing when the Fedoa territory disappeared.

 Supposing, that they were the ones to cause the Metastasis Event, under this guise, it was possible to have something moving in the shadows even now.

 Their first approach might just be a girl named Sylphiette.

 If it's the case that Sauros isn't taking part, then the ringleader is Philip, for the sake of entrapping James who is to be the next family head, there is the possibility he may be acting to that end.

 For the Boreas to usurp the seat of the next family head, it revolves around the supportive position of the second princess, and instead they try to become the support instead or something like that.

 If that's the case, then the Sylphy who has been sent, can be considered an ally.

 In either case.

 The person pulling the strings is either Sauros, or Philip.

 So the nobles concluded.

 The groundless suspicion was complete.

 Then a certain noble had a shocking idea.

 [I know, how about shaking things up by making it look like she's the genius boy Rudeus himself?]

 If Sauros moves, it is likely that Rudeus would be with them.

 If the rumors are true, then the ability Rudeus is said to have is tremendous.

 It's highly likely that Sauros and company are keeping Rudeus on hand as a trump card.

 Hiding as much of his existence now, for the sake of adorning his future sensational debut.

 When they appear, Rudeus, as a person with a legitimate blood relationship to Notus, comes out in the absence of those who were too afraid to act.

 As a powerful piece who then takes part in backing the first prince whom Boreas supports.

 Sylphy is assumed to be the person whom they sent.

 If we reveal her as Rudeus, it may be possible to hinder their plans.

 If we do some shaking, it may be possible to have them expose themselves.

 To this, other nobles expressed concern.

 [Wouldn't we be exposed immediately?]

 [It may be better to conceal this one's social position by disguising her as a man. Be ready to evade any questions about him as much as possible.]

 [But what if she's actually a spy they sent to probe us?]

 [Like hell they will send someone that stands out as a chantless magician as a spy!]

 [On the contrary, they might assume we would value her.]

 [Either way, it will be easy to leak false information and draw them in.]

 One by one the anxiety was crushed,

 The nobles began to think that even a worthless plan like this was a good idea.

 [Indeed, if she is a spy then the fake information leaked will cause unrest in the enemy camp. And if they are unrelated, then we have gained a strong Guardian Magician without having done any work. And should they instead try and curry favor with us, we'll go along with it.]

 [But that's not all. She also resembles the princess in height. So we can tailor her to be a body double. If I remember correctly, we have such a Magic Item.]

 [Oh, a manly form should be made to leave on a regular basis, since there are suspicious people usually nearby, it will not be thought that it takes the shape of the Guardian Magician.]

 [As expected, the Lord is a clever one!]

 And then.

 The Second Princess' Guardian Magician [Fitts] was formed.

 The Chantless Magic-using, Mysterious Genius Boy.

 Because his face has been hidden with sunglasses, no one could perceive his true identity.

 And the name is strongly associated to the 'Fitt'oa territory.

 There was also a part that alluded to the genius boy who had been serving the Boreas family as well.

 However, there is nobody who would understand the true nature and breeding of this one.

 He should seldom speak, and when he must it should only be for a short while,

 And any distinctions on it's actual gender should be difficult to identify.

 Such a boy was born.

 Sylphy had no say in this matter.

 With the guarantee of one person on the promised arrangement of being able to search for information on the metastasis event, Sylphy was granted no right to veto, and also given no choice.

 Although she had nowhere to go either, she was coerced into becoming [Fitts].

 Pawn of the political power struggle.

 Thus, at any rate.

 Sylphy became the guard [Fitts] to Ariel.

 ---Supplemental---

 Sylphy's hair had become white due to the effect of the metastasis transition itself, as well as exhausting all the magical power she had, and being in a state of absolute terror before and after the fall.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly. Thank you so much!
