Volume 9  5 — Sharp and Dull

Volume 9 Chapter 5 - Sharp and Dull

 

 Part 1

 It's winter.

 The entirety of this Magic City Sharia in the Kingdom of Ranoa is covered in snow.

 Although the Magic University is currently being cleared, it is still dyed in pure white.

 The roads between buildings are clear, but to get to places such as the back of the school building you have to clear it yourself.

 It's that kind of season.

 At that time, I received a letter.

 The sender was [Soldat Heckler].

 He's an S-ranked adventurer and the leader of the [Stepped Leader] party.

 During my time as an adventurer, I would join them from time to time.

 He's a capable adventurer.

 I'll take a look at the contents.

 "Hmm."

 According to the letter, Soldat and his party are coming to this town.

 It seems that there is a clan meeting.

 It seems that the clan [Thunderbolt], which [Stepped Leader] is attached to, gathers in this town every few years.

 The purpose of the meeting seems to be to plan the clan's future course of action.

 For 2-3 months during winter, they decide their future plans after careful discussion.

 It's a necessary event for a clan of this size.

 Since Soldat's party is S-rank, he is one of the executives.

 Thus, his absence wouldn't be permissible, and he had to come all the way to Ranoa.

 Soldat and the clan leader have a bad relationship, so honestly he didn't want to come.

 The next few months will be quite tedious.

 While thinking that, he suddenly remembered me.

 "Come to think of it, [Quagmire] is in this city as well," he thought.

 No time like the present.

 Soldat decided to take this opportunity to meet me for the first time in a while and get a bite to eat, so he sent me the letter.

 Certainly, I had a decent relationship with Soldat.

 However, it was not to the extent which after separating he would go out of his way and send a letter just for meeting and eating out.

 I've always tried to be generous and good-natured, but I'm probably not the type of person that one would go to such lengths to meet.

 If that's the case, his goal is probably Elinalise-san.

 No choice, I'll have to bring her with me.

 And then I'll show her being all lovey-dovey with Cliff, and make him have mixed feelings.

 Thinking that, I told Nanahoshi that I'll be taking a break from assisting her experiments on next month's day off.

 I tried inviting Fitts-senpai as well, but he said with a sad face that he can’t come on that day.

 "Well, that day I must go out in the afternoon… as Ariel-sama’s bodyguard."

 It's part of being a bodyguard.

 Even when the rest of the world has a day off, he can't always take one himself.

 Rather, when everyone has a day off he is extra busy.

 It's like he is a corporate slave.

 Oh wait, saying he is a corporate slave is rude to Fitts-senpai.

 Let me rephrase it as hard working.

 Anyway, since our plans do not match, there’s nothing to be done.

 I decided to take Cliff and Elinalise, and go to the Adventurer's guild.

 Part 2

 We walked to the Adventurer's Guild.

 Although the snow is being shovelled, the packed-down snow dyed the streets in white.

 Since the snow storms strengthen at night, no matter how much you remove the snow you can't keep up.

 Creating an underground drainage system to remove the snow using modern technology would be a very profitable business in this situation.

 "Hey, Rudeus, are you listening?"

 "Yes yes, I am listening."

 Cliff has been proudly talking about the current situation for a while now.

 He seems to have recently started researching curses.

 It's for the sake of breaking Elinalise's curse.

 Curses have been around since ancient times and research has been continuing until now, but it's not something that can be removed so easily.

 It seems that there have been practically no results in this past half year.

 "Didn't you say there have been no results?"

 "I'm a genius, so I'm sure I'll be able to do it sooner or later!"

 Cliff said that while brimming with confidence.

 What an incredible person.

 I know I have places where I won't succeed no matter how much effort I put in, so I can't try that hard.

 Diving head first in a field long deemed impossible, that's the mark of a genius.

 For me, I lack that talent.

 "Hey Rudeus, if you know anything regarding curses can you tell me?"

 "Hmmm…"

 After being asked that I start thinking.

 Curses, huh?

 I heard that keyword a few times when travelling here from the Magic Continent.

 "Let me see."

 Okay, let’s see, where did I hear that?

 Curse, curse.

 Trying to remember about curses causes me to freeze up, probably because Orsted has a curse.

 That's what I heard from Hitogami.

 …Come to think of it, he also said that Laplace had a curse as well.

 He transferred that curse to spears and caused the history of persecution of the Superd Tribe.

 "Laplace once placed his own curse on a tool and transferred it to another race."

 "A tool?"

 "Yeah, the spears that the Superd Tribe used in the Laplace campaign. Thanks to that the Superd warriors went mad and their tribe ended up being persecuted…"

 When I said that, Cliff looked at me with wide eyes.

 "The Superd Tribe!? Is that true!?"

 "Beats me, I just heard it from someone else, so I don't know whether or not it's true…"

 Who told me about this?

 Hitogami again?

 Well, I can probably trust him on that.

 There's no reason for him to have lied about that, after all.

 "But, I see… curses can be placed onto tools?"

 After hearing what I said, Cliff placed his hand on his chin and thought.

 "I don't know how it was done, though."

 "No, knowing it has been done before is a huge step forward."

 Has anyone else tried to transfer curses since Laplace?

 Well, he's the Demon God, so what he's done might be considered evil.

 Maybe it's deemed taboo?

 Now that I think about it, miko's power is like a curse as well.

 Transferring their powers with tools and using it would be convenient, I wonder why no one has tried it.

 "I wonder if no one considered trying to transfer miko abilities…"

 "Hm? Why did you mention mikos?"

 Cliff was puzzled.

 Eh?

 Is there something strange about it?

 "No, I mean, aren't they the same? Both have unnatural flow of magic from birth, and have a unique ability. It's just a matter of that ability being positive or negative."

 "… It's my first time hearing this."

 Elinalise was looking at me with a surprised face as well.

 It seems to be their first time hearing this.

 That's unexpected, they didn't know this?

 But I'm pretty sure someone told it to me matter-of-factly…

 Oh, this is also from Hitogami.

 All of this was from him.

 That bastard, telling me things that nobody knows as if it were common sense.

 "But, I see… That's right, a tool… Certainly… Maybe if I…"

 After hearing me out, Cliff starts mumbling as if he came across a clue.

 I think it’s better not to take it too seriously.

 However, does the word "curse" have any relation to the word [God]?

 Human God, Dragon God, Demon God.

 Also Miko.

 They might be connected, but maybe not.

 "Thank you Rudeus-kun, thanks to you, I think I figured something out."

 Cliff said that with a radiant face.

 While you're at it, I'd like this curse-like illness of mine removed as well.

 Part 3

 Soldat and the party smiled the moment they saw my face.

 They were more welcoming than I expected.

 I wonder if they weren't really after Elinalise.

 We went to a nearby store and ate together.

 When they heard about Cliff and Elinalise’s relationship they were surprised.

 They joked around saying things like "A b*tch like you getting married, what kind of joke is this?" and infuriated Cliff.

 When they laughed off Cliff's attitude, his anger surpassed fury and nearly reached ecstasy.

 He probably won't calm down for a while.

 Or so I thought, but Elinalise calmed him down easily and changed the topic of the conversation.

 I guess I should say as expected of Elinalise.

 No matter the situation, controlling hate is her speciality.

 Come to think of it, I have never seen her getting angry nor crying.

 I've seen her get irritated several times, but I've never seen her clearly being angry.

 As for things she clearly said she hates, there was only Paul.

 What in the hell did that guy do?

 Then shifted to the matter of my clothes.

 Today, I came wearing my uniform.

 "Hey Quagmire, if you are dressed like that, people will think you're like all those other rookies, you know?"

 It seems there are students of the Magic University that wear robes over their uniforms and come to the guild as adventurers.

 They're generally all F or E rank and don't seem like they would get involved with Soldat and his group, but there are occasionally those that ask to be let into Thunderbolt.

 "Then how about I act like a rookie and carry the baggage again?"

 "Then we get our asses saved by you again? Give me a break."

 When I first met Soldat and the gang, they really looked down on me and invited me as the baggage carrier.

 That's a nostalgic subject.

 Then the topic switched from reminiscences to tales of adventure.

 Although Cliff was angry for a while, listening to the adventure stories gradually made his eyes sparkle.

 That reminds me, Cliff once told me he looked up to adventurers.

 He's usually impertinent, but that aspect is fitting of his age.

 We finished eating and began to discuss what to do next, when a messenger from the clan came to Soldat.

 "Soldat-san, we are having another meeting."

 "Not again, we just had one this morning!"

 "There is no helping it, this time the leader is very enthusiastic."

 Apparently, there's an emergency meeting of the party leaders.

 "I thought I’d be able to hang out with Quagmire for today, but there is no helping it. Quagmire…… sorry, but we’ll meet another day."

 "Yeah, please invite me again."

 Soldat left with an exaggerated nod.

 Well, what to do now.

 Since the main party left, it looks like we'll be disbanding.

 Since it was just 2 in the afternoon, even if we go back there is much time left.

 "What should we do?"

 "Let’s see…… I was thinking about teaching Cliff the fundamentals of being an adventurer."

 "I see."

 After our earlier conversation, Elinalise wants to show off her Adventurer skills to Cliff.

 "Oh, that's a good idea, teaching a rookie."

 "Is it okay if we go as well?"

 Stepped Leader’s other members expressed interest.

 Things seem to be heading towards teaching Cliff what it means to be an adventurer.

 They plan on accepting an A-rank subjugation mission to let Cliff gain some experience.

 Cliff seemed to be a little sullen since they are looking down on him, but he seems to be much more excited than angry.

 "What will you do, Rudeus?"

 "I will…… pass this time, sorry."

 It would be nice to teach Cliff what to do in a party with multiple magicians, but I'm sure he doesn't want someone younger than him ordering him around.

 He'll be more obedient with only older people around him.

 For that matter, I'm not going to take a request which will take a few days to complete.

 If I don’t leave behind any message, I am sure Nanahoshi would get pissed as well.

 She might be experiencing life as a shut-in but she seems to miss being around others, and her mood will sour if I skip out.

 If you're a shut-in, I think you should take pride in your solitude.

 Well, she seems to miss Japan a lot, so I can understand how she wants someone to talk to in Japanese.

 Though as someone who decided to live on in this world, I want to tell her to get out more.

 "Yes, well, please let the others know that we are going then."

 "You as well, Elinalise-san… there's a rookie with you, so be careful not to go to anywhere too dangerous."

 "We aren't like you, we won't pick fights with dragons or Demon Kings."

 It's not like I want to pick fights with them, though.

 Well, whatever.

 Part 4

 I parted with the others, and headed home on my own.

 I left the Adventurer's District and headed to the square in the middle of town.

 When I got there, the smell of grilled meat drifted over to me.

 When I looked over, I saw a few merchants had put up stalls even though the snow was piled up.

 It must be difficult, working in this freezing weather.

 However, I've got some free time.

 Even if I go home, there's nothing to do but study, train, or make figurines.

 It might have been better if I didn't restrain myself and went with Cliff and the rest.

 "Since I've come out all this way, I should walk around town a bit."

 I muttered that to myself and headed toward the Business District.

 My objective is not shopping, but I might find something interesting.

 Also, after that discussion with Cliff, I got interested in magic items and magic tools as well.

 The cursed spears that Laplace made are one kind of magic tool, as well.

 Until now all of them being sold were too expensive, and I didn't really feel that I wanted any.

 But Fitts-senpai is also using magic items.

 Nanahoshi seems to have some useful ones as well.

 Since the Magic Guild headquarters is in this city, I might find something interesting after all.

 I don't feel like buying anything…

 But I'll at least do some window shopping.

 By the way, I was also confused the first time I heard about Magic Items and magic tools.

 They're two entirely different things.

 The differences between the two are as follows:

 Magic Tools:

 It has a magic circle carved somewhere on it and when the user chants his mana flows through it and activates the magic. As long as the user still has mana left, it can be used repeatedly. Artificially made.

 Magic Items:

 Items that have been infused with mana and gained special abilitites. Performing the correct action activates its effect. It can only be used a certain number of times per day, but the mana recovers over time.

 Summing it up roughly,

 Magic tools can be used repeatedly, but they consume the user's mana.

 Magic items have a limit to their number of uses per day, but don't use up the user’s mana.

 That's about it.

 Magic Items, which have a limited number of daily uses but don't consume the user's mana or require a chant to activate, are considered more useful.

 However, they're mostly gathered from labyrinths, so the effects tend to be rather random.

 As a result, magic items with useful effects are extremely expensive.

 The boots and such that Fitts-senpai wears probably cost more than my entire net worth.

 By the way, some demon swords, although they are man-made, have traits of magic items.

 In my case, I have more mana than I could possibly use, so there's no problem with using magic tools.

 I'll probably even be fine using magic tools that consume too much mana to be considered useful.

 Even such items that seem defective could possibly be found here in the Magic Capital Sharia, the territory of the Magic Guild.

 "Hn?"

 Suddenly I found some familiar faces.

 It's Luke and Fitts-senpai.

 They were happily talking in front of a clothing store.

 Fitts-senpai is looking at the store's display with a happy face.

 Luke has a wry smile.

 In his hands is a large bag.

 It's as if they are on a date.

 I heard about him going out.

 But is it a good idea for those two to be out here by themselves?

 What about guarding the princess…

 Well, I suppose I should at least say hello.

 "Good morning! What a coincidence to meet you two in a place like this."

 "You…!"

 When he heard my voice, Luke's face went stiff.

 As usual, it seems like he doesn't like me.

 I've tried to help them save face, but…

 Well, recently I've become a little too famous.

 He might not have found that amusing.

 Well, so long as I can get along with Fitts-senpai, all is good.

 "Oh…?"

 Fitts-senpai seems to have a different air around him today.

 I wonder why that is.

 Maybe it is because he is dressed slightly different?

 No, it's more like he's an entirely different person…

 "Hey, Fitts-senpai, you seem a bit different today."

 When I say that, Fitts-senpai looks at me in shock.

 Hmm.

 What could be different?

 How do I put it, his demeanour?

 When I looked at Fitts-senpai, he turned his face away from me.

 At the same time, Luke steps up in front of him.

 "Rudeus, what’s up, what are you doing here?"

 He is standing like he wants to hide Fitts-senpai behind him.

 His tone is calm.

 His gaze is strong, but it's not to the point it could be called glaring.

 However, his voice is stiff.

 Maybe I saw them in a bad place?

 Don't tell me they're actually on a date?

 Maybe Luke’s sweet tongue is effective even on men, and he is taking advantage of the na?ve Fitts-senpai.

 Since they are the princess’ guards, it would be bad if their homosexual tendencies were revealed so they're meeting in secret.

 Though it’s a joke, even thinking about it is shocking me.

 Why is that?

 "No, nothing really, I just saw you and thought I should at least say hello… Fitts-senpai?"

 From earlier, Fitts-senpai has been trying not to look at me.

 … Eh?

 Is he avoiding me?

 Why?

 Did I do something?

 "Thank you for your consideration. Fitts doesn't talk when working as the princess' guard. I hope you understand."

 It seems like Luke is trying to chase me away.

 … It looks like I came at a bad time after all.

 But not saying even a word? What is going on?

 "…"

 Fitts-senpai is not looking toward me.

 No, he is looking, but he's furrowing his eyebrows with a negative feeling.

 'Won't he leave already' is the feeling I get.

 It’s too obvious.

 If he is going this far, even I notice.

 I am being rejected.

 "What's the matter?"

 "No, it’s nothing. Sorry for bothering you."

 I left the place.

 I think I looked calm, at least on the surface.

 However, on the inside, I was shocked to the point that my mind went blank.

 I am not in the mood for shopping anymore.

 I'll just head home.

 The slightly dirty white road continues before me.

 It's starting to snow.

 It’s cold.

 Part 5

 I returned to the magic university.

 Why was Fitts-senpai avoiding me?

 I do not know.

 I do not know even when I think about it.

 I don’t remember doing anything to be hated for.

 Maybe I should go consult someone regarding how I am feeling right now… No, I just want to complain to somebody.

 If I'm not mistaken, Zanoba left for the Magic Guild for research on mikos. Julie probably went with him.

 Rinia and Pursena… they don't seem like they'd listen to me seriously. They'd probably just make fun of me.

 Elinalise and I just separated earlier.

 Badigadi also does not seem to be at school today.

 Nanahoshi… is very busy, so I doubt she will listen to my complaints.

 I can't think of anyone else.

 I don’t have many friends.

 So just like that I decided to go to the library.

 At times like this, it is best to spend time quietly reading whatever book you find.

 I wonder if there are any refreshing books?

 Maybe an epic, or a hero story.

 I wonder if there are any books about Badigadi or Kishirika.

 If it’s about them, I'm sure it would be refreshing.

 While thinking about such things, I enter the library.

 I greet the guard with my eyes.

 We never talked to each other, but he remembers my face now.

 At the entrance snow fell on me, so I dried my clothes using voiceless incantation.

 I enter and headed toward my usual seat.

 Today as well, the library is empty.

 There are not many students in this world who would spend their holiday in a library.

 The literacy rate is low, too.

 "… Huh?"

 Fitts-senpai is here.

 He was reading a book and looked totally bored.

 He's at the seats we usually use.

 "Oh, Rudeus-kun."

 When he noticed me standing there, he gave me his usual shy smile.

 "Welcome back, that was fast, did you meet your friends already?"

 "Y-, Yeah"

 I sat in front of him, and looked at his face seriously.

 It's as usual.

 It’s the usual clothes and air that he has.

 Something's not right.

 From where we met, I came back here directly, on the shortest route.

 Yet he was already here when I arrived.

 It's strange.

 "What is it? Do I have something on my face?"

 Fitts-senpai says this and touches his face.

 However, this atmosphere.

 I wonder if it's because of the rejection I felt earlier.

 I feel that this Fitts-senpai has accepted me totally.

 There is no wariness at all.

 It's different from earlier.

 Completely different.

 "Why did you ignore me before?"

 When I say that Fitts-sempai’s smile froze.

 Then, he makes the most serious face he can.

 "Actually, when I escort Ariel-sama, I won't talk. I'm [Silent Fitts], after all. Since my voice is like a kid, I would be underestimated, so when I'm around others… especially when I am guarding Ariel-sama, I don't say a word."

 "I see, but I didn’t see Ariel-hime anywhere."

 "She was in a nearby shop, one that we can trust. We aren't the only ones guarding her. The other guards were with her while we were watching over them from afar, it was that sort of formation. Oh, don't tell this to anyone else, though."

 Fitts-senpai explains it like that without stammering.

 As if he had prepared this answer beforehand.

 No, he did prepare it before hand.

 "So it’s like that, I am sorry for talking to you at such a time."

 "No, it’s fine. I'm also sorry for not being able to talk with you."

 I think I've got it figured out.

 Probably.

 I'm not sure, but Ariel-sama is probably using some method to disguise herself as Fitts-senpai.

 She's probably using either a magic tool or a magic item.

 Him being silent is because they can't change the voice.

 Possibly, they can’t change the eye color either.

 That’s why Fitts-senpai is always hiding his eyes. He wants to decrease the chance of people seeing through the princess' disguise…

 When I think like that, it all makes sense.

 The reason I was being avoided earlier is because coming into contact with me without preparations would blow their cover.

 It's not because Fitts-senpai hates me.

 Yes, I'm sure that's how it is.

 I've never done anything to be hated for.

 Let's go with that.

 "Oh, so it was like that. I thought I was hated by Fitts-senpai so I got worried."

 "Ahaha… There is no way I would hate you…"

 Fitts-senpai scratched the back of his ear.

 That action is characteristic of him, but recently when I see it my heart starts pounding.

 Why is someone so cute a boy?

 … Is he even a boy?

 It bothers me.

 I'm bothered about Fitts-senpai.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
