Volume 9  7 — The Protected Secret

Volume 9 Chapter 7 - The Protected Secret

 

 Part 1

 The day after I found out Fitts-senpai was a girl, I was on my bed in the dormitory with a tired body.

 I was keeping my pal company after he woke up from his slumber the whole night.

 But my pal is treating me like nothing had happened at all.

 My head is already filled with Fitts-senpai, but my pal is playing dumb.

 I figured with what has already happened, my pal would be cured, but he still seems to be in a bad mood.

 Or maybe just the memory is not enough.

 Or, maybe it needs the smell, or the feeling [of the touch], or the voice.

 I am sure that Fitts-senpai is the key to curing my ED.

 Hitogami told the truth.

 It’s just that I didn’t notice the therapy was right in front of my eyes all along.

 That said, I wonder how I should proceed with the treatment from now on.

 I don’t want to reveal Fitts-senpai’s identity.

 Neither do I want to make a plan that would make Fitts-senpai hate me.

 ED treatment or Fitts-senpai's trust?

 If I didn’t notice he was a she for the next 6 months, I probably would have asked her to help me with the ED treatment without knowing anything.

 However, now, my feeling of love towards her has grown so much.

 Now that it became like this, I’ll avoid being driven by my libido like in the case with Eris, and avoid being dumped again.

 Naturally, that's what I thought.

 "……What happens will happen."

 A man trying to get the cross-dressing bodyguard of the princess to help him with his ED treatment.

 Well, this setting is strangely amusing.

 Thanks for the twist, Hitogami.

 I started laughing nihilistically and left the bed.

 After stretching, I yawned. I guess that's what happens when you don't sleep enough.

 "Yawn……"

 I went to the tub with hot water to wash my face, and there I see a reflection of an above average boy with a good feeling to his face.

 Going by the standards of my original world, it's definitely not a bad face.

 Paul's delinquent-like teasing/joking face, with traces of Zenith's gentle face.

 Though it's not bad, it's a little different from this world's idea of 『beauty』.

 No matter how many times I look at it, I can’t accept it as my own face, but I'm used to it by now.

 Just not being worse than my previous life's face is satisfactory.

 But, I wonder if this face is to Fitts-senpai's taste.

 Nah, stop it. Even if I know the answer, I can't do anything about that.

 He is a man. I won't do anything.

 That’s what I decided.

 I washed my face and noticed something around my chin that was not there before.

 I tried to touch it with my fingers.

 I tried touching it and then pulled at it. My skin moved with it. It's a beard.

 One single hair, like lanugo on a newborn, is growing there.

 "……I reached that age, ha?"

 Secondary growth characteristics here are not very different from my world.

 I probably hadn't grown a beard earlier because Paul isn't the hairy type.

 I don’t know much about how the other races grow, I wonder how Fitts-senpai is growing.

 I heard that the growth rate of the Elves is slow compared to humans.

 I wonder if she has hair growing down there yet. Well regarding the Elves, I can ask Elinalise-san.

 N…… a-ra?

 Something is weird.

 I think I remembered something.

 "What was it………… a-ra?"

 Something. I have forgotten something.

 However, I do not remember.

 While not being able to remember, I shaved my beard.

 Part 2

 Two whole days have passed.

 I had no contact with Fitts-senpai.

 I also don’t want to do anything suspicious like searching for him.

 Just act normally. Everything is normal.

 On the morning of the third day.

 In the hallway of the boy’s dormitory, Luke was waiting.

 I didn't panic.

 I had thought that there would be some kind of reaction.

 "Good morning Luke-senpai, it's rare to see you at this time."

 I said trying to look as carefree as possible, but he was looking sullen.

 "I want to talk to you regarding Fitts."

 As I thought.

 However, with respect to this matter, I also had an answer ready.

 "I do not know anything."

 "Ha~~h, what do you not know?"

 Based on Luke’s tone of voice, it’s obvious he wants to talk about what happened with Fitts-senpai few days ago.

 He was probably trying to figure out whether I knew Fitts-senpai’s gender for sure or not.

 Having touched Fitts-senpai, I know he is a she, but she never said it herself.

 It’s not like I fondled her breasts or anything either.

 Maybe they still want to hide it, is what I thought.

 If it goes in that direction, I have no objection either.

 However, I wonder if knowing Fitts-senpai’s secret is that bad of a thing.

 Well, maybe it has something to do with me being a Greyrat.

 But, I already cut my ties with the Boreas family when I was dumped by Eris.

 No, maybe it has something to do with Paul?

 Either way, here, I have to say it clearly.

 “Luke-senpai, I have no intention of becoming your group's enemy. As for Fitts-senpai’s identity, I’ll keep it a secret.”

 “…You're going to pretend that you don’t know anything?”

 "Yeah, I have already cut my ties with both the Boreas and Notus families as well."

 Luke’s handsome face was colored by surprise.

 Did I say something bad?

 Saying I have no ties to Boreas and Notus wasn’t a bad thing right?

 "So, it's like that."

 "Sorry to bother you…"

 I left after saying that to Luke.

 Part 3

 That day.

 After class finished, I went to help with Nanahoshi’s research.

 "Oh, Rudeus-kun……"

 In front of Nanahoshi’s room, Fitts-senpai was waiting.

 If memory serves me right, the day that Fitts-senpai was able to help was to be 4 days after today.

 And today wasn’t an off day either.

 Yet, Fitts-senpai was here.

 Not as the princess’ bodyguard.

 So, he came to help with the experiment?

 The reason is probably the event from a few days ago.

 Physical contact with Fitts-senpai as well as the event with Luke-senpai.

 Of course, I said I had no intention of becoming Fitts-senpai or Ariel-hime’s enemy.

 However, they have no reason to believe it.

 Rather, they would have expected me to become their enemy. That’s what it means, knowing someone’s secret.

 Then, is Fitts-senpai here to keep an eye on me?.

 Or, he may have come to confirm the truth about my conversation with Luke.

 Fu—, I'm very sharp today.

 "……"

 "……"

 "What? Did you guys get in a fight or something?"

 Nanahoshi asked, as she saw me and Fitts-senpai being silent and fidgeting.

 "Nah, we didn’t get into a fight!"

 Fitts-senpai said, acting overly suspiciously.

 Panicking Fitts-senpai is cute as well.

 But as I thought, they doubt me.

 What should I do in this situation to gain their trust?

 Should I pay tribute to Princess Ariel? I wonder what would be good.

 Maybe I should bring her some cake? But it might backfire, since they seem to be totally wary of me.

 "Whatever, just don’t get me involved."

 Nanahoshi sounded like she was stuttering. It’s obvious since she hated this world and prefers not to get involved in it at all.

 She doesn’t want to be tangled in Fitts-senpai’s and my problem, especially since Fitts-senpai had ties to Asura Kingdom.

 However, the way she said it might cause problems with other people…

 But come to think of it, she’s not talking with anyone besides me. So there is no problem.

 Well, if you do not want to be involved with this world, it should be okay.

 It's not a problem that I can poke my nose in.

 I don’t want to interfere with someone who already has a clear goal and is striving towards it.

 However, I can say that since she is just drawing magic circles all the day, her communication skills were dropping.

 "……"

 "……"

 "Tch……"

 The experiments that were usually carried out while I talked with Fitts-senpai or Nanahoshi were being done in silence today.

 From time to time, I heard Nanahoshi clicking her tongue.

 Nanahoshi’s experiment was finished in that awkward atmosphere.

 "Good work…………"

 Nanahoshi’s tired voice announced that the experiment had finished.

 Today as well, there were no results.

 Part 4

 As I thought, on the way back from the experiment, there was no conversation between me and Fitts-senpai.

 I wanted to start a conversation and act normally, but what should I talk about?

 I have a feeling that if I open my mouth, something like “let me see your boobs” will come out of it.

 While I failed think of a single topic, we reached the women’s dormitory.

 "……"

 As we got closer, it looked like there was a disturbance.

 I saw a crowd in front of the entrance.

 "Did something happen?"

 "……………N, …Cho…, I have to take a look…"

 Fitts-senpai said, and ran away quickly. She looked impatient.

 She might have been feeling uncomfortable.

 I'm waiting at the same spot when, after a while, Fitts-senpai came back, half running.

 "What was it?"

 “It seems that there has been a fight, un…, and they fought using magic, u…, and there are holes in the walkway and the ceiling, so the rooms on the top floor are unusable.”

 It was awfully monotone.

 So I took it to mean that the one of the people who fought was Ariel.

 She did not look like someone who would pick a fight, but maybe something happened.

 “I see… that’s very troublesome.”

 "Yeah, so you see, it seems Ariel-sama’s room is unusable. Since I was living in her room as a bodyguard and slept there, ne…"

 "Ho…?"

 This explanation smells fishy.

 "Ariel-sama is staying in the house of one of the nobles in the city for tonight, but since that noble hates Elves I am not allowed in the house, ne… "

 "Ho…?"

 Fitts-senpai is very bad at acting.

 From her completely monotone voice, and the setting of this story, I wonder what she is hiding. No, wait. She doesn’t have a room to stay in?

 “So, it seems the guys in charge of repairs will come in tomorrow, but I have no place to stay for tonight.”

 “Oh, that’s not good. Shall I go and fix it? Since it’s just fixing holes, I have enough experience and should be able to do it.”

 I try to propose a plan like that.

 In my adventurer days, I had fixed several roofs and walls so I definitely have the experience.

 Make bricks with earth magic and assemble them using earth magic and mortar.

 Since I know how to do it, I can at least fix Fitts-senpai’s room in an hour or so. Not that I have any ulterior motives like wanting to look inside Fitts-senpai’s room.

 "Ue~e…?"

 Fitts-senpai’s face twitched.

 “You see, un…, I mean…, the third floor needs to be repaired with anti-magic bricks, and they arrive tomorrow, so it can’t be done tonight.”

 "Is that so?"

 Did she… just make that up on the spot?

 Yeah.

 It’s weird for anti-magic brick to be broken with magic.

 It sounds like a joke.

 Rather, after I asked how that happened, he came up with the excuse “The anti-magic bricks were probably weakened by rain”.

 I am too sharp today.

 "And there is no way they would let a boy stay in the girls' dormitory, right?"

 "That's… right."

 I don’t know what to think about this, but let's shelve it for now, as there are circumstances.

 For now, let’s say it would be troublesome for me to enter the girls' dormitory.

 "Well, you see…, Ru…, Rudeus-kun is living in his room alone, right?"

 "Yeah."

 A probing gaze.

 What answer would be correct for this question?

 “Now that it’s like this, would you like to stay in my room? The bed above me is always empty anyways.”

 Since we are pretending Fitts-senpai is a boy, I’ll treat her as a boy.

 So, I propose this suggestion in consideration of that fact.

 A Kouhai having his Senpai stay over in his room. It was something like that.

 There are no ulterior motives of any kind, like attacking her in her sleep, nothing erotic like that.

 It will only be to the degree of smelling the blanket Fitts-senpai uses tonight.

 But, I am sure Fitts-senpai will refuse. Staying in a boy’s room is probably bad, no matter how you think about it.

 Well, lending my room to Fitts-senpai and me staying in Zanoba’s room would be the best option.

 Her scent will still remain.

 "It's ok!? Really…? Then I’ll be in your care for tonight!"

 Contrary to my expectations, Fitts-senpai agreed with a happy face.

 Huh?

 I am puzzled.

 Immediately after that, I realized.

 It’s monitoring.

 Tonight, Fitts-senpai is going to keep an eye on me.

 It’s possible that something else besides that event yesterday happened to Ariel-hime and that I'm now being treated as a suspect.

 So, in order to stop me from doing anything, they will have Fitts-senpai keep an eye on me.

 That kind of arrangement is possible as well.

 Thinking about it, that might be the reason why she came to help with Nanahoshi’s experiment on a day she usually would not.

 If I think like that, though I don’t know what happened to Ariel-hime, letting them watch me for tonight shouldn't a problem.

 "Well, I'd better fetch a change of clothes and a pillow."

 While saying that, Fitts-senpai went back into her dorm.

 …………My room, isn’t messy, right?

 Part 5

 I led Fitts-senpai back to the boys' dorm.

 Fitts-senpai entered the room filled with tension.

 "Please, have some tea."

 "Oh, tha-thank you…… yeah."

 Fitts-senpai said with a red face.

 "I’ll be leaving to teach Zanoba and Julie magic… Would you like to come as well?"

 "I…, no…, I’ll stay in the room. I don’t want to get in your way."

 “I see. Though… if it’s Fitts-senpai, I doubt Zanoba will have any objections.”

 Isn’t he here to watch me?

 No, it might be because he wants to search the room.

 Well, I don’t mind him searching my room. Since I don't have anything that would cause trouble for me if he finds it.

 Some laundry has piled up, but it’s not anything troublesome.

 "Then, I'll be going."

 I head to Zanoba’s room.

 While teaching earth magic to Julie and building the Red Dragon figure with Zanoba, my mind started wondering.

 I'm thinking about Fitts-senpai.

 With that said, I’d get excited having the girl I love in my room.

 But no matter how I think about it, the scenario is that I don’t know about Fitts-senpai’s gender.

 In other words, Fitts-senpai is staying in my room as a boy.

 In order to monitor me.

 He is alert.

 I told Luke that I have no enmity towards them, but he probably considered it lip-service.

 And, apparently I had greatly changed the balance of power in the school this past year.

 I've been in contact with people like Rinia, Pursena, Badigadi, and Nanahoshi, they are all strong and influential.

 Looking at it from outside, it probably looks like I have them in tow.

 Well, it’s possible that Ariel-hime is seeing the situation as me having all the powerful and influential people in the school under my control.

 While it's a truly just suspicion… especially considering meeting Ariel-hime in the city and the event regarding Fitts-senpai’s gender.

 No wonder she would think I was suspicious.

 Of course, I am not going to rule over this school, neither am I going to do anything to Ariel-hime.

 When I think about the best way to prove it, the best way seems to be to not do anything suspicious in front of Fitts-senpai.

 Let’s act natural. I won't make a mistake tonight.

 For example, peeping at Fitts-senpai changing while making it look like an accident.

 While it’s not on purpose, he would probably think it was on purpose.

 Such a love-comedy turn of event is possible, but I bet it’s best to avoid such behavior.

 Other things that might happen, oh… the toilet and bathing.

 The toilet here has a lock, so just locking it should be enough, but what to do about the bath? I’ll use Zanoba’s for tonight.

 As for hot water for the bath, you can either get it from the first floor or just create it yourself.

 Since it’s Fitts-senpai, he shouldn’t have any problem with doing it himself.

 Since he is taking a bath in someone else’s room he will probably be wary, so I prepared some towels beforehand.

 There is a chance that when I get back, I'll run into him changing clothes.

 Not knocking and opening the door suddenly and seeing Fitts-senpai’s white skin.

 I am sure she will scream with a short “Kyaa~a” and try hiding her breasts.

 I, of course, will pretend not to notice and get close to her while saying “Shall I wash your back?”

 Then saying “Ah, my hand slipped” and go rock climbing on her boobs.

 And then again pretending not to notice saying, “Senpai, your chest is muscular” and keep rubbing it.

 I'm sure my son will raise his head with this much ero-stimulation.

 No.

 That’s no good.

 I shouldn’t do something like that.

 But when I go back, there is a pretty high possibility of running into him changing.

 At least, that is what was written on the love-comedy novel that I was reading before I died.

 Therefore, for sure, I will knock before opening the door.

 It’s not important that it is my own room. Since there are people in it, knocking is a must.

 It’s as essential as a baseball player undergoing grueling training for the National Tournament.

 I'll knock it 100 times, hit on the door, and hit it.

 Tonight, I won't make any mistakes.

 I won't give into my desire and strip Fitts-senpai or attack her while she is sleeping. I absolutely won't.

 I won't even make those mental mistakes.

 Fitts-senpai would be spending a comfortable night.

 --- Sylphy's Perspective ---

 Since Rudi left the room, a long time has passed.

 Indeed, his lesson with Zanoba and Julie-chan should be until it’s just before lights are out.

 I envy those two.

 In the past, I would spend the whole day learning magic from Rudi.

 How nostalgic.

 If I could, I’d like to go back to those times.

 What am I imagining while in my underwear?

 Woman’s panties and skin-tight corsets, sexy ones.

 Rather than the uninteresting usual one, Ariel-sama gave me one of her more erotic ones.

 Though it’s a bit baggy around the chest, but Ariel-sama said that’s "perfect.'

 I don’t get it.

 I am not wearing my sunglasses either. Without it, I won't know if Ariel-sama is under attack, but it can't be helped.

 Let’s believe in Luke for now. Today, her other two attendants are there too, and attacks in school rarely happens…

 By the way, when I asked why I should dress like this, they said because that’s part of the strategy.

 Ariel-sama said.

 “Listen well, Sylphy. Rudeus-kun figured out you are a girl and he seems to be interested in you. So, basically, it’s like when a man’s certain part stands to attention, that kind of situation, get it?”

 Even if you said that, I find it hard to believe. Even now I don't have any impression of Rudi thinking of me in that way.

 I thought it was just my unrequited love.

 “If it's a girl he is interested in, he will surely invite her to his room, right Luke?”

 “No doubt, if it was me I would definitely do that.”

 Luke nodded significantly from experience.

 I, believing those words, took action. It went well so far, just as they had planned.

 "Well, if it goes as it should, taking being invited into his room as his acknowledgment, we should be able to pledge our love together."

 A pledge of love with Rudi tonight.

 Thinking of that, even I can tell that my face is red from ear to ear.

 I'm sure it is different from what Ariel-sama said.

 I believe it’s just as Lilia-san taught me, hot, painful, and expressionless.

 "But, Rudeus is pretending to not have noticed he is a she, right? Luke?"

 “There is no mistaking it, he said it clearly.”

 After all, when he touched my ass, he figured that I am a woman.

 But, it seems that Rudi is trying to hide it.

 “He is a useless guy. As useless as he is, I believe even when it becomes nighttime he won't lay a hand on her.”

 “And if he does lay a hand on me?”

 “In that case, the plan has succeeded and you can enjoy yourself. Tell him that you're a woman and that it’s just a secret between the two of you, right Luke?”

 Luke agreed with Ariel-sama.

 "Ok, so go ahead with that."

 I was convinced like that.

 If Luke with all his experiences is saying it, then there is no doubt.

 “Listen well, Sylphy. Rudeus is a dense and useless guy. So, don’t let this chance get away. If he feels you are resisting or doesn’t want to do it, he will probably wash his hands of you. Then, it might take 6 months to a year to get to this point again. This is a once in a lifetime chance for you.”

 Hearing Ariel-sama say he was useless made me irritated.

 But, after all, Rudi is a gentleman. He won't come attacking from the get go. When I think about it that way, my irritation subsides.

 "Well, Sylphy, you have to grab that 1 in a million chance with your own hands."

 “Is that so?”

 "Yes. The reason Rudeus isn’t attacking you is “I am protecting Fitts-senpai’s secret” so if you tell him your secret he should take it as 'attacking me is okay'."

 However, Ariel-sama continues.

 “I don’t know why, but he does not like to get involved with us, so even hearing it from your mouth he might go, ‘Let’s pretend I didn’t hear anything’.”

 And Luke agreed with a big nod.

 If the experienced Luke agrees then there is no mistaking it.

 "Well, what should I do then?"

 When I ask, Ariel-sama nods.

 "First, you will present him with evidence."

 "Evidence?"

 "Yes, evidence. When he goes for the toilet or something, you will take off your clothes, act like you just remembered to change your clothes… "

 This was Ariel-sama and Luke’s plan.

 First, by revealing my underwear to him, no matter how dense Rudeus is, he can’t feign ignorance.

 I’ll describe the situation while still in my underwear and tell him that I am the Sylphiette from Buina Village.

 The girl he likes is in her underwear, add to that, she is his childhood friend as well, using that momentum I confess my love and then he can’t reject me and just like that we'll go to bed.

 Regarding the relation between men and women, I heard from Lilia-san, but to be honest, since it’s my first time I have no confidence.

 Though I am sure it's way different from what Ariel-sama did.

 When Luke sees me like this he said.

 “Just go with the flow. The boy takes care of the rest of it. In this situation, girls just shouldn’t reject the boys and say ‘it’s fine; I love you; it feels good’. Any of those would do.”

 "Luke…… that is a little……"

 Hearing the experienced Luke’s words, Ariel-sama has a strange expression. As far as I know, Ariel-sama has no experience with boys either.

 Let’s believe in Luke, though thinking that Rudi would behave like Luke is kind of unpleasant.

 I mean, Luke’s image of a perfect girl is like a doll. Rudi seems to like dolls as well but… um.

 That said, I have no one else to rely on, so I’ll go along with that plan.

 After Rudi left the room, I use the bath and towel he prepared to wash my body then change my underwear.

 I check in the mirror to see whether everything looks fine or not.

 Incidentally, using the rest of the hot water I did Rudi’s laundry.

 Leaving so much dirty laundry, Rudi is a boy as well after all.

 I sit on the edge of the bed in my underwear, now everything is ready.

 Ariel-sama asked [Won't going naked to begin with be better?], but Luke rejected it saying that's counter-productive.

 I don't get it at all.

 "Achoo…!"

 I wait while sneezing, I am waiting patiently, staring at a place on the floor.

 If I don’t do this, then Rudi’s pants or Rudi’s treasure altar which he never let me see comes into my view and I would get curious.

 So, trying to avoid them, I stare at the floor and imagine what comes next.

 When Rudi gets back, he will be surprised, seeing me like this.

 Then I'll introduce myself as Sylphiette… if I introduce myself as Sylphiette… would he be disappointed?

 It should be fine.

 Apparently, Rudi seems to love Fitts.

 Love is a two-way feeling, so, if we feel like this about each other, it should be okay.

 It's all right, yeah. All right. Yeah.

 (Dad, mom. Tonight, I will become an adult)

 Knock, Knock……

 "Tsu…!"

 And, at that time, there was a knock on the door.

 A Knock.

 It's a knock.

 No one knocks on their own room's door.

 I forgot, but Rudi has made a wide circle of friends in the past year.

 Who decided that no one would drop by to visit?

 In a hurry, I pick up my clothes and put them back on.

 I am going to reveal my identity only to Rudi. So after wearing my sunglasses, I open the door from the inside.

 "I'm sorry, Rudeus-kun………… Rudeus-kun isn't here… Eh?"

 "I am back."

 It was Rudi.

 He was on the other side of the door.

 "Eh? Why did you knock?"

 "Before entering a place where a person is, it is courteous to knock."

 That's right, it's right.

 But, it is, but… Rudi…

 Auuu……

 I messed up the plan from the start.

 Our strategy, was a failure.

 Part 6

 That night, I was worrying endlessly.

 The location is the bunk bed’s upper bed.

 I felt my body heating up just from knowing that Rudi was lying right below me.

 After that, I tried to show my underwear to Rudi, but it was all in vain.

 I think he is on guard, since there is strangely no opening to show him, and I couldn't reveal my identity.

 I can’t really tell whether Rudi was sharp or dull.

 From his actions, I got the feeling that he is trying to make me comfortable.

 Ugh…

 Well.

 The first strategy failed.

 But, I have a second strategy!

 This was proposed by Luke, as a last resort.

 "If the first strategy fails, move to the next one."

 “Next strategy?”

 Luke nodded gravely and said.

 "Night crawling."

 Luke says that, night crawling, is an etiquette from the southern part of the continent.

 A woman sneaks into the bed of the man she wants to take the heart of and ends up in a man-woman relationship with him.

 When I ask why they would do such a thing, he answered with ‘I have no idea’.

 But, it has been added, and is just good manners to represent the strength of feelings.

 “To show the weight of one’s love, this is a very good etiquette.”

 “If by doing that he thinks I am a shameless girl, then what should I do?”

 The things I learned from Lilia-san were way more modest.

 Such things like showing them the thighs, or entwining the little finger.

 In the hot days, loosening the area around the chest, but only to the level that it makes the opponent attack you.

 To the point that the master won't think of you as a pervert, is what Lilia-san said.

 “What’s bad if he sees you that way?”

 “I don’t want to. At least not for the first time.”

 "Compared to how he sees you for the first time, it’s better to consider how he sees you for the last time."

 I don’t want it.

 And, I said so.

 I said it so certainly.

 I don’t want Rudi to think of me as a pervert even for a moment.

 But, I'm wavering now.

 I just lost my chance.

 "It’s simple, just take off all of your clothes and slip into his bed, rub your chest against him and whisper ‘take me’ in his ears."

 The hell it's simple.

 What would I do if he won't embrace me?

 I would be too miserable.

 In the first place, I don't have much of a chest to rub.

 “You might feel miserable, but either way at least you took a step forward.”

 Luke is too positive.

 I know.

 Though Luke is always playing around with women, there are some even he can't seduce.

 Or rather, those women treat him like a snake.

 What if… what if I become hated by Rudi?

 “It’s because of that attitude that you haven’t made any progress in a year. You can't turn 'like' to love' without risking 'hate'.”

 It was very compelling.

 I wonder if it is the Greyrat’s family motto.

 Then again, I am hesitant. Yet, while hesitating, I remove my man-style pajamas.

 Because it was hot.

 Yeah, it's so hot.

 Even though it’s winter, this room is warm.

 Probably Rudi is being considerate and heating the room, but I am wondering how and what could you do to keep the room warm until morning.

 What should I do? Should I go into his bed? Or, should I stop? Oh I know, how about I wait in my underwear until morning?

 That said, let's do it.

 It's good.

 This means that I won't have to do the night-crawling thing as well.

 It's morning, lets wait for the morning.

 If Rudi happens to wake up in the middle of the night that would be good too…

 While thinking like that, the night goes on.

 --- Rudeus's Perspective ---

 Morning, I woke up.

 Fitts-senpai was moving a lot in the middle of the night, coming down from the bed and going up again.

 There are signs that he stood beside the bed and stared at me as well.

 Though I faced the wall and pretended to be asleep all night long.

 I had to be alert, Fitts-senpai’s mission might have changed to get rid of me in the middle of the night.

 But, I do trust him after all.

 "……"

 Since I didn’t move my body and was awake all night long, my body is fatigued.

 I wonder how long I got to sleep. I don’t think it was even two hours.

 Aching all over, I turn to look at the center of the room. Fitts-senpai is standing there.

 "Good morning"

 "Oh, Rudeus-kun, good morning, you woke up early."

 "We are both awake early."

 Fitts-senpai was there, wearing his uniform, and as usual, his sunglasses.

 I can’t tell from his expression, but I bet he is tired.

 He probably didn’t get a wink of sleep. Good job. Maybe I should have woke up at least once and made some tea for him?

 As always, I wash my face and wear my trainers.

 "So, I'm going to do my daily routine training."

 "So, then, I'll go back to Ariel-sama."

 Then, I separated from Fitts-senpai.

 ---

 When Ariel heard the plan failed, she thought [That brave Sylphy, why is it that when it comes to that boy she gets so useless?] and started to think about the next plan.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
