Volume 9  10 — The Final Push

Volume 9 Chapter 10 - The Final Push

 

 Part 1

 ---Sylphy's Perspective---

 It was noon, three days after we returned to the Magic City Sharia.

 During those three days, I talked to Rudi about a variety of things.

 The majority of the things that Rudi has done until now.

 Because Rudi was thrown away by the Ojou-sama named Eris, it seems he bears a wound in his heart.

 Since then, supposedly he's ended up with that sort of feeling.

 I've heard a little bit of talk about the person named Eris Boreas Greyrat in the royal palace.

 It seems she's an uncontrollably violent child and she's a girl so reckless you wouldn't be able to think she's a human.

 After hearing about her from Rudi, she sounds a bit better than the image I have of her though…

 But, after she made it from Magic Continent to Asura Kingdom being protected, and then saying "I don't balance out with you", there's no way that's the case.

 If I ever meet her I'll absolutely give a word of complaint.

 After I said that to Rudi, with a pale face, I was told it would be better not to do it.

 It seems that Eris is really a strong girl.

 In my regard I found it a bit un-amusing.

 But…

 Still, thanks to it becoming like that, I was able to reunite with Rudi.

 It's not all bad things.

 …Huh?

 Didn't Rudi say he came here to investigate the teleport incident?

 …Well, it's fine for him to have two objectives.

 We came up to the school gate of the Magic University.

 I had already returned to my usual appearance.

 The appearance of [Fitts].

 "Umm, for the time being, I'm going to where Ariel-sama is to report."

 "Yes. Ummm… from here on out as well, I'm in your care."

 While making a bitter smile Rudi lowered his head.

 After hearing the words "I'm in your care."

 And thinking about the meaning of those words.

 I could feel myself getting red all the way to my ears.

 My face is hot.

 "Ah, yeah. Me…me as well, please take good care of me."

 With this we're officially going out.

 …Is what I think is fine to say right.

 I'm happy.

 My heart feels light.

 I guess this is what it feels like to soar.

 Since I have to report to Ariel-sama, I head towards the student council room.

 Since it's lunch break right now, Ariel-sama should be in the student council room.

 I think about various things while walking.

 The things I want to do with Rudi are various.

 For example, going to town together to shop.

 Ah, but since I have to remain in the appearance of a boy, people might look at Rudi with weird eyes.

 Bu…but, that's unrelated isn't it.

 Yeah, as long as you have love.

 However, speaking of men, when it comes to ascertaining their love they desire your body right.

 That's right, Luke said it.

 If there's no connection between your bodies, one day your hearts will separate as well.

 But, it seems like my body was no good for Rudi after all…

 Wh…what should I do.

 Part 2

 After seeing Sylphy who returned with a stiff face, Ariel sighed.

 (I guess it was still no good after all.)

 After all, I guess we were overdoing it this time, Ariel was reflecting on it.

 During the time when I was thinking about it, I thought it was a perfect strategy, but if I think really really well it seems like an impossible story.

 Who would, even under the danger of freezing to death, forcefully strip someone else's clothes off I wonder.

 Well then, what to do now.

 According to the promise she would be prohibited from meeting Rudeus though.

 That was just a means to make sure she wouldn't self destruct.

 I think there should be some method or another to do it, but I can't think of the method.

 "Sylphy, for the time being please calm down and make the report."

 Luke entered as the timely help when Ariel was hesitating.

 First we need to listen to the story.

 "Ah, yeah. As a matter of fact, the plan that Ariel-sama thought of making worked well."

 Ariel was surprised over those words.

 However, she didn't let that out in her voice.

 As royalty she had received training in order to keep her inner thoughts from showing.

 "I see. In any case, your expression doesn't seem to match that though?"

 "Yeah, it's about that though."

 "Excuse me, hearing the reason after is fine, so first start with the report."

 "Ah, yes."

 Ariel calmly listened to the report from Sylphy.

 How she carried out everything according to the plan.

 The two entered the cave and how everything went according to schedule.

 They conveyed their feelings to each other in front of the fire.

 While talking about that Sylphy seemed absolutely happy and that threw Ariel's heart into confusion.

 Then what was no good about it?

 Ariel's confusion was finally released when she heard about the occurrence of the problem that came up at the very end.

 "And then Rudi was, that is, feeling down. It seems the reason he came to the Magic University as well was to look for a treatment method for that."

 "What did you say!?"

 "Eh? No, that's why, umm, he came here for a cure to his impotency."

 "No, excuse me, I lost myself a bit there."

 Ariel was surprised.

 She unintentionally let her voice out.

 She had heard that there were such rumors out there.

 However, she never could have imagined that was really the case.

 What did he think could be done about that, by entering the Magic University?

 Even though this is a place where people learn magic, it's not a place to cure an illness.

 "I see. In any case, to be useless when the time comes down to it. It seems like I underestimated the man known as Rudeus a bit. I did think he was dense, but I never thought he was a man who would shame a woman who gathers her courage."

 Ariel said that for the sake of keeping her heart peaceful.

 It wasn't her true intention.

 I'm sure Sylphy feels offended.

 In order to apologize for that and calm her, she tried to protect her heart.

 It was just that much.

 However, that would end in failure.

 "Ariel-sama, that is saying too much."

 The one who said it in a aggravated tone was Luke who had remained silent until now.

 "Men occasionally have times when there's nothing they can do about it. It's not like Rudeus didn't embrace Sylphy because he doesn't like her. Rather, in my opinion, I can finally comprehend the reason why he was so quiet up until now."

 Luke is a laid back man, but he never carelessly makes comments towards Ariel.

 Occasionally there are times when he gives good advice, but he's not the type to deny something head on.

 As a lady-killer, that he's a man who is sweet to women is a part of it as well.

 That is, even more so in regards to Ariel for him to use this much of a strong tone and manner of speaking, it's something that never happened until now.

 Ariel received that almost like receiving the impact from being hit.

 "Lu…Luke???"

 "Sylphy, please wait a bit, I have something to give you. Ariel-sama, please excuse me."

 After Luke said that he left the student council room with a quick pace.

 While continuing to see his back off Ariel raised her eyebrows.

 "I'm very sorry about that, it was an improper use of words."

 "No, it's fine. But, for Luke to say something like that, it's unusual."

 Sylphy is surprised over Luke's behavior as well.

 After all, it seems there's various things between men and women.

 "However, if it comes down to that then it's very troubling."

 "Yeah. What should I do Ariel-sama?"

 Ariel was coming to a bit of a misunderstanding at this time.

 Rather than trying to succeed with the sex, Sylphy was worried about their bonds becoming loose because of that.

 However, Ariel thought about it like this.

 (Sylphy, so you want to do it with Rudeus that much?)

 If, Ariel had really understood Sylphy's feelings then.

 It could be said that she might not have said something like that.

 However, Ariel's thoughts were slipping into a bit of a different direction.

 What she was trying to remember were the ways she was taught to cure impotency in Asura Kingdom.

 Among royalty, in the case where you marry into some place, you have no choice other than to have children.

 Then it was a method to deal with the case if your partner was impotent, she was remembering it.

 Anyway since it was from a time when she was still young and Ariel wasn't listening to it seriously, but there were a number of memories still remaining.

 "How about having him drink alcohol."

 The impetus of alcohol.

 And then Sylphy did as Sylphy does and remembered the things from the other day.

 Rudi's appearance when he was having a drinking bout with Zanoba and the others in the dining hall.

 That time, Rudi hadn't been drinking, but Badigadi was in good humor.

 "I see now, I'll try it and see."

 Two women with no experience.

 They started to make a plan to use the momentum of alcohol in order to push down a single man.

 Part 3

 Third phase, No, fourth phase of the plan.

 It's a plan to get Rudeus drunk and all at once draw him into that mood.

 It's a sloppy plan as usual. After all it's something a superficially knowledgeable SM princess thought up.

 "…Then, say it's hot and expose a bit of the area around your shoulders."

 "Will it work with that?"

 "I'm sure it'll be alright. Since Sylphy is cute. As long as there's the trigger, after that it would be good to have some kind of decisive line to say."

 By the time Luke returned, he heard some extent of the aim of that plan.

 For several seconds he silently listened to the idiotic meeting behind his two allies.

 Where's the idiot who would say it's hot in winter and show their skin, is what he was thinking, but he didn't retort it.

 He did retort on a more fundamental point.

 "With Sylphy's body, seduction is impossible."

 "Uuu…"

 Sylphy lost her words.

 Ariel sent a threatening gaze.

 "What is it Luke, that way of talking, she's troubled over it."

 "…Ariel-sama, among the Notos Greyrat blood relatives there's been a tendency for attraction towards females with large chests for generations. In reality, I can't even feel even a small bit of attraction towards Sylphy."

 Notos Greyrat love huge breasts.

 You could say this is common knowledge among the nobles of Asura Kingdom.

 There are others like, "Boreas loves beasts" that are known though.

 In any case, it's common knowledge.

 "Th…then, are you saying that it's pointless for me to try and seduce him?"

 "Yeah, it's pointless."

 After being told it was pointless, as expected even Sylphy would feel a bit hurt.

 If she's told it normally it doesn't bother her at all, but right now is a time when she doesn't have any faith in her own charm at all.

 "However."

 Then Luke passed the small bottle in his hands to Sylphy.

 It was a small bottle, the size that fits in the palm of your hand.

 "If you have him drink this then it'll be alright."

 Sylphy made a confused face and looked at the small bottle.

 Ariel took a peek at it as well.

 "Luke, what is this?"

 "An aphrodisiac."

 "Aphrodisiac!?"

 Luke deeply nodded.

 "In the past, it's something that was made in Fedoa region. It's something made from the petals of the Batirusu flower and the town mayor of Roa had a monopoly on the purification method. Currently since it's not in production and because the formula is a mystery, it's rare. Its cost is said to exceed 100 gold coins on the high end."

 Incidentally, during the time when Luke purchased a single bottle it was 15 Asura Gold Coins.

 He bought five of those and among them used two for times when he was in bad condition.

 The effect is guaranteed.

 "I thought to use it as a treasure fund if the time ever came to it, but Sylphy, I'll give it to you."

 "Luke, this kind of expensive thing…is it fine?"

 "Of course."

 Luke nodded, and told Sylphy about a number of points to be cautious on.

 If you use it, then the man will lose their distinction.

 If you think you can't keep up with your partner's pace then you drink it as well.

 Most likely, just like that you'll be able to experience a sweet first experience just like you imagine it.

 "Luke…Thank you."

 "It's no problem. I've had my life saved by you a number of times after all."

 Sylphy and Luke.

 There was a strange friendship between them.

 And then, there was a single person who wanted to enter as allies with them.

 "The two of you sure do get along together well. Then I as well."

 While making a beautiful smile as if she were the goddess of love Ariel handed Sylphy some money.

 It was Asura gold coins.

 The amount was only two coins, but if you have just this much, you can buy most things in this city.

 "Th…this is Ariel-sama's money right?"

 "That's right. It's my portion for this month."

 Ariel and the others have performed fund raising since coming to the Magic University, so they have a considerable amount of money.

 But, that is capital for actions hereafter.

 The money that each individual can use for themselves is also separate.

 Ariel realized that her own and Luke's sense for money was twisted so she put a restriction on it.

 "If we've come this far, this is the only thing I have left to grant to you."

 "No, I'm very sorry for troubling you, Ariel-sama."

 "Fu…as expected of Ariel-sama."

 The three were drunk on themselves.

 Intoxicated by their unity.

 Youth is that sort of thing.

 And then, their enemy is just a single person.

 It's Rudeus Greyrat.

 "Then, I'll carry it out."

 Sylphy left the student council room with the face of a warrior.

 Her aim was the commerce district of the city.

 The liquor store.

 "Well then, shall we go as well?"

 "Yes."

 After seeing off Sylphy, the two left the student council room.

 Lunch break had already long since ended.

 ---Sylphy's Point of View---

 The time proceeded to night.

 I bought two of what I believe to be this country's highest grade strong alcohol.

 I don't understand the types of alcohol very well.

 I've never drank any.

 I don't know Rudi's tastes either.

 However, I had the confidence that the most expensive kind would be alright.

 I took the opportunity to buy some underwear as well.

 It's brand new.

 I don't know Rudi's tastes.

 This wasn't just expensive, I chose a cute one.

 It's a bit different from Ariel-sama's preference, it's the kind I like.

 I knew the shop assistant-san made a surprised face.

 It's not because a person who has the appearance of a man came to buy underwear for a woman, it's because it's a different preference than usual.

 Since Ariel-sama comes to buy it in the appearance of "Fitts" after all.

 Therefore, the upper part isn't the usual "Basque of Steel Silkworm Thread."

 And then inside the pocket of my uniform, that aphrodisiac is included.

 "Alright."

 It's perfect.

 "Su~…Wa~…"

 A deep breath.

 (Mother and Father in heaven, finally today Sylphiette is going to become an adult.)

 After gathering my resolve I knock on the door.

 Around this time, Rudi might have already gone to Zanoba-kun's place.

 No, if I remember correctly he said he was going to rest for today since we just returned from the journey.

 Okay, okay.

 "Yes…oh, Sylphy…Fitts-senpai. Please, come inside."

 Rudi opened the door and after seeing my face he was surprised.

 Just as I was told I entered Rudi's room.

 I closed the door behind me and locked it.

 "What is it?"

 After entering the room, Rudi asked me with a gentle tone in his voice.

 Since he's tired from the journey for today, he plans to take it slow and easy, I think that was how it was supposed to be.

 "Umm, I've come over to stay the night."

 "…Ah, ye, yeah. Well, sit down."

 It seemed like Rudi wanted to say something, but he swallowed his words and offered me a seat.

 A bit dispirited, he was making a bit of a disappointed face.

 I wonder if I intruded on something?

 It's alright isn't it?

 I sat down on the chair and took off my sunglasses.

 After that I took the two bottles of alcohol from my bag and put them on top of the table.

 In regards to snacks, I made a bit of trifling cooking and brought it along.

 I seasoned, salted, and fried a variety of different nuts.

 Just in case it occurs that they don't match with Rudi's tastes I brought some smoked meat as well.

 "That is?"

 "Umm, look, for the time being, that is, I thought we should celebrate our reunion."

 "…Ah, I see. If we don't do something like that…"

 Rudi was scratching his cheek and sat on a chair himself.

 And then at this point I realized that there were no cups.

 Oh no!

 It's not like we can just drink it straight from the bottle.

 What should I do, should I return to get some…

 "It's fine, I have something like cups."

 It seems it was showing on my face.

 Rudi made a bitter smile and picked up some cups from a shelf on the side of the room.

 They were grey cups. The surface is smooth.

 I guess the material would be stone. They're just a bit heavy.

 Excluding the weight, it looks like something that wouldn't be strange for the nobles of Asura to be using.

 "It's an expensive cup isn't it."

 "It's a cup I made. With earth magic. The cost is priceless."

 "Ah, is that how it is. He~, that's amazing."

 So it's Rudi's own work, then I can understand it.

 While thinking that, I broke the seal on the alcohol and poured the contents.

 It was pretty amber colored liquid that filled the cup.

 Rudi narrowed his eyes as he watched that.

 "It seems like considerably strong alcohol."

 "Yeah. I don't know very much about alcohol, but I bought the expensive kind."

 "Is that alright?"

 "Hn? Yeah, it's aright. Since today is a celebration."

 I'm sure he's worried about the price.

 I'll stay quiet about how I received money from Ariel-sama.

 Rudi is always mindful over those sorts of things after all.

 After pouring the alcohol I prepared the snacks to go with them.

 Alright, it's perfect.

 Umm, the medicine is for a bit later in the plan was it?

 "Well then, now, let's toast. To the reunion of us two from Buina Village of the Fedoa Region."

 "…And then, to Sylphy and my future."

 "Ch…cheers!"

 Awuu.

 Future he says.

 Rudi occasionally says those sorts of amazingly embarrassing things…

 Uuu…

 I felt my face getting hot as I filled my mouth full of the alcohol from the cup.

 "…!![Cough]!![Cough]!!"

 I choked.

 Wh…what is it this!

 Painful, the inside of my mouth hurts!

 "Are you alright? After all, wouldn't it be better to dilute it?"

 "Dilute it?"

 "When it comes to these kinds of strong alcohol, it's fine to dilute them with cold or hot water."

 Is that how it is, I didn't know.

 Rudi made a bitter smile while giving of an "it can't be helped" kind of feel.

 "I can't help it can I, I've never drank anything like alcohol up until now you know."

 "No, I'm not blaming you, just wait a bit."

 While saying that Rudi poured some of the contents of my cup into his own, then poured warm water in my cup.

 With chantless magic that is.

 From my cup there was vapor from steam rising from it.

 "Please try it."

 I timidly tried to drink what was offered.

 Then the way too strong scent from just now that was remaining in my mouth was washed away.

 And then, a scent with a tender feeling wafted deep into my nose.

 Ah, it might be delicious.

 "Come to think of it, the trigger that lead to me learning magic from Rudi was hot water wasn't it."

 "Was that how it was?"

 "Geez, did you forget? Look, you used chantless melded magic and Rudi said something unreasonable."

 How nostalgic.

 Rudi used chantless and melded magic like there was nothing to it, but even now I can't do that.

 Though given a time difference I can reach the same result.

 Rudi is skillful.

 "Yeah, that sure is nostalgic."

 "Yeah."

 After that, we talked about stories of the past cheerfully.

 While my memories from Buina Village are all hazy.

 But, when you let them out in words, any number of them end up coming out.

 Those days already won't return.

 Buina Village has disappeared.

 That hill where we played is still there, but that tree disappeared.

 Those times were good.

 Without thinking about anything, playing together while practicing magic.

 I was so happy that everyday went well.

 Even now I still feel that way though, but the thoughts about using it in actual combat have become stronger.

 While we were talking the area around my head started to feel a bit fluffy.

 I wonder if this is intoxication.

 "Oh, this is no good, before I forget about it."

 After I said that I took out the small bottle from my pocket.

 I slowly placed that on top of the table.

 Rudi tilted his head.

 "That is?"

 "Umm, that is, it's medicine that will be effective on Rudi's that."

 I worried over how to get Rudi to drink the aphrodisiac.

 I thought it might be fine to secretly mix it with the alcohol, but I decided not to do it because it felt like I was deceiving Rudi.

 Even though I say that, saying that I prepared an aphrodisiac, I won't really like it if he has some kind of weird misunderstanding.

 That's why, I used the word medicine to refer to it.

 An aphrodisiac is medicine after all, there's no mistake.

 "Is that so… it looks like something I've seen somewhere."

 "Ye…yeah. I'd like you to try drinking it."

 After I said that Rudi laughed lonesomely.

 Until now, it seems he's tried various things like this, but all of them were no good, it was a smile that said something like that.

 However, he drank it without saying anything.

 This sort of poisonous pink colored fluid, I wonder what he plans to do if it's poison.

 That just means he trusts in me that much right?

 Rudi drank about a third of the contents of the bottle all at once.

 I forgot to say how much you're supposed to drink.

 "This, is it alright to drink it together with alcohol?"

 "Umm, he did say it was fine to mix them. Ah, also it seems to have quite the immediate effect."

 While I said that I took off my coat.

 With this, all that's left is just my shirt and underwear.

 It's a bit chilly.

 According to Luke, even without showing my shoulders, it seems this much is plenty.

 "I…if it takes effect, yo…you, don't need to endure it you know."

 Rudi's eyebrows moved in response.

 I knew that his gaze was carefully gathering on the nape of my neck and chest.

 He's looking at me.

 I'm embarrassed.

 Right now, I'm seducing him right. Rudi.

 Uwuu…he won't think that I'm indecent right?

 It'll be alright won't it.

 Somehow, I'm the one that's starting to feel nervous.

 Even though I'm drinking alcohol.

 Even though I was supposed to be using the momentum of getting drunk.

 I wonder if it's not enough.

 …Al…alright.

 I decided my feelings and stretched my hand to the small bottle.

 "Sylphy you're drinking it as well?"

 Rudi's bewildered voice.

 I took a gulp of the pink fluid inside the small bottle.

 It was thick and a bit bitter.

 That bitterness, almost as if washing away the alcohol, I continued to drink it.

 I felt like it was getting hot inside my stomach.

 In order to falsify that I stretched my hand out to the nuts and nibbled at one of them.

 After crunching away at three of them, I drank even more alcohol.

 After one cup my vision was in the sky.

 "If you drink at too quick of a pace, you might end up feeling bad."

 "Yeah, but somehow, I'm a bit tense."

 "I see. Well, it is your first time drinking alcohol after all."

 While saying that Rudi was taking small sips of the contents of his cup.

 Since his isn't diluted, it doesn't seem like he can drink it all at once.

 Rudi took the alcohol bottle in his hand and poured some into my cup.

 Then he diluted it with hot water.

 "…"

 "…"

 A short while after that, together the two of us silently drank and ate.

 The smoked meat was salted strongly so it wasn't very tasty, but for some reason my hand wouldn't stop.

 After a short while my body started to get hot.

 The area between my thighs was itching for something.

 It's working.

 I wonder about Rudi's side.

 He looks the same as always.

 He's as attractive as always.

 He looks more attractive than usual.

 My eyes are proceeding to the places where I don't normally look.

 Like his neck and his lips.

 It's somehow ecchi.

 Rudi's face seems to be a bit red.

 Our eyes met.

 Rudi has been staring in my direction since a while ago.

 "…"

 He's staring at me.

 I'm being watched.

 Since just now our eyes keep meeting.

 Am I thinking too much, it seems like Rudi's breathing has been getting a bit rough.

 "Fu…Ha…"

 No, this rough breathing is coming from me.

 How disgraceful.

 But, I guess it can't be helped since I drank the aphrodisiac.

 Since a while ago my head has been all dizzy.

 It can't be helped. That's right. It can't be helped.

 My body is hot.

 I unbuttoned the top button of my shirt and exposed my chest.

 Even though it's supposed to be chilly. It's hot.

 I knew that Rudi's gaze was on my hands.

 I'm already not embarrassed.

 I leaned my cup.

 The warm alcohol fell inside, the warmth was coming to me.

 After the second cup my vision went to the sky.

 I stretched my hand out to the alcohol bottle.

 That hand was caught.

 "…Ah."

 Rudi was holding onto my hand.

 I felt a strong will being conveyed like he was saying he would never let go of my hand.

 Of course, I have no intention of running away.

 "…Sylphy."

 Rudi was looking at me with strong eyes.

 Rudi stood up.

 With my hand still held he circled around the table, he came right next to me.

 And then, with a bit of restraint he pulled on my hand.

 I followed along with that without resisting and stood up.

 And then said it.

 "You…you can't endure it?"

 "…"

 Rudi nodded silently.

 He put his hands around my hips and started rubbing above my butt.

 He embraced me tightly.

 I felt something hard press against me.

 Th…the plan has succeeded.

 Alright. Now should be good.

 I said the decisive words that Ariel-sama thought up for the plan.

 "The…then, please. Please eat me all up."

 The instant I said that.

 I was thrown on top of the bed and pushed down.

 And then…

 ---Rudeus's Point of View---

 I opened my eyes.

 I could see the roof of the upper bunk bed.

 I remember very well what happened last night.

 I thought we were drinking alcohol, then I suddenly reached a level of restlessness that I couldn't endure and just like that attacked Sylphy.

 I'm sure it was that the medicine Sylphy was using worked.

 To think there was such a medicine out there…

 However, I really do feel like I've seen it somewhere…

 …Ah, I remember.

 That was, the aphrodisiac being sold by the peddler in the Town of Roa.

 Almost as if it was a wonder drug, my son went flying out of the room, it was almost to the point I felt like I lost myself.

 I thought the last of it had already melted and evaporated.

 As expected of 10 gold coins.

 However.

 I'm afraid to look next to me.

 My reason has already been blown away, but I still firmly remembered the contents of the deed.

 Sylphy was trying desperately to respond to me, but it seems it hurt.

 It was her first time.

 However, Sylphy bravely received me.

 Even though she was clearly overdoing it, she kept repeating to me, "I'm alright", "I love you", "It feels good."

 In contrast with me I was absolutely running wild.

 I didn't have enough composure to be considerate of Sylphy.

 Sylphy's voice whispering in my ear was arousing me, I went at her with all of my desire without a thought of restraint.

 In my long life, it's the deed I've finally done twice.

 I had absolutely no confidence that I could do it well.

 More than the first time, it was definitely terrible.

 That's right, even more than that time.

 That time, Eris wasn't beside me.

 "…"

 I slowly shifted my gaze to the side.

 And then.

 Our eyes met.

 "Good morning, Rudi."

 Sylphy was there facing me with a shy smile.

 I slowly stretched out my hand.

 I was checking to make sure she was really there.

 I tried caressing her head.

 Sylphy closed her eyes, it looked like she was comfortable being caressed.

 Her hair was short but it was silky.

 Just like that I moved my hand and moved from her nape to her shoulder.

 It's a slender shoulder.

 It seems like it might break at any time.

 And then, my hand moved even further from there.

 I groped her chest.

 "Hi…ah! Wai, Rudi??"

 Sylphy was surprised and sent a look of protest.

 However, she didn't resist, with her face red she accepted it.

 Sylphy's modest chest is truly with the feeling of the symbol of neediness, and there was frankly nothing to grope.

 However, the characteristic of breasts their softness existed there.

 For the first time in a while the bald old man appeared with his thumb standing up inside my head and said, "It's not just about the highs and lows right?"

 Thank you, oppai-sennin. It's been a while.

 Sylphy was certainly there.

 And then, I was deeply moved by the softness of her chest and then my memorial stone was standing tall.

 It was made to stand tall.

 Heroically, standing tall.

 I was convinced.

 "I'm cured."

 Unable to stand it I embraced Sylphy.

 Strongly, strongly embraced her.

 The tears came flowing out.

 "Umm, Rudi… that is, how was it…my body wasn't strange right?"

 Sylphy asked that while being bewildered.

 After remembering last night, you should quickly realize that such worries are unnecessary.

 "Thank you."

 I just said a word of thanks.

 Just, just, I had nothing to say but my thanks.

 The embarrassment filled my chest and took control of it, so it seemed like I might say something weird.

 For example, it was a wonderful tea party.

 For example, thank you for the delicious meal.

 For example, you're completely the cutest.

 Right now, I didn't want to say such words while joking around.

 I just silently embraced her and said my thanks.

 ---

 Just like this, my long and harsh lifestyle of fighting against an illness reached its end.

 And then, I gained an adorable lover.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
