Volume 10  4 — Wedding Reception - Preparations

Volume 10 Chapter 4 - Wedding Reception - Preparations

 

 Part 1

 It's been a week since the house renovations were complete. Sylphy was given 7 days off by Ariel. So that Sylphy would have a good married life, Ariel gave her some consideration. Me making use of that, and for 7 days and 7 nights, being spoiled by Sylphy, spoiling Sylphy, and passing through many sweet and sordid nights…

 Is not what happened.

 Since I've become the head of a household as well, there are things that I have to do.

 According to the common sense of this world, after getting married and buying a house, you host a feast and invite over people you're close to. Though I don't know which countries have this as their common sense, I do know that Shirone and Milis at least have this custom. If you just buy a new house, then it's fine not to hold one, but if you're getting married and buying a house, then you must host a feast. It's what people would call a wedding reception, huh?

 "For now, let's invite our acquaintances and hold a party."

 "Yes."

 In the living room, we're sitting on the sofa and facing each other, and our foreheads are close together. We're looking downwards at a list of the people we're going to invite to the party. There's also a piece of paper for arranging the seating arrangements.

 "Still, we sure have a range of acquaintances."

 For me, it's:

 Elinalise, Zanoba, Julie, Cliff, Rinia, Pursena, Badigadi. Also I'm wondering what I should do about Jinas and Soldat.

 For Sylphy, it's:

 Ariel, Luke, and two others.

 Altogether we have eleven people, give or take. If possible I would've liked to have invited Paul and the others, but there's no helping it since they aren't here. I'd sent a letter about our marriage, but who knows when it'll arrive.

 "Royalty, Beast Race, Demon Race, Slave, Adventurer… There are some pretty foul-mouthed ones among them, so let's assume that problems will arise."

 Since Rinia and Pursena still don't see Ariel in a very good light, we can expect that if they're face to face a dangerous situation will arise. Were this a wedding in my previous life then we could separate them and make sure they didn't meet, but no matter how big our house may be, in the end it's still just a normal house. There's not even enough room to dance.

 "You think so? Ariel-sama isn't a person who would cause problems in such a situation but…"

 "Be that as it may, I don't want the atmosphere to go bad and having people want to go home. If it comes down to it, should we split them into two groups…? We could isolate the problematic ones…"

 "Mmmn, but since a lot of your acquaintances seem like they'll be important people in the future, Ariel-sama would be pretty happy to meet them, right?"

 In my mind floats the image of a motivated Ariel wearing makeup.

 'Wedding receptions are a great opportunity because normally lots of handsome guys will appear!' she says.

 Nah, I know that's not how she is though.

 In short, she wants to form connections with the Special Students. Ariel is also a calculating person.

 "Then with Ariel-sama taking responsibility herself, the problem now is the seating order, huh?"

 It seems that they can't just sit wherever. Having said that though, it's pretty hard to rank them in social importance, huh? At least Badigadi is the most important as a Demon King incumbent, but below him are Ariel, Zanoba, Rinia and Pursena. As they're all royalty, they'll all fuss over their appropriate seating.

 Cliff also seems like he'll complain if he gets too low a seat but… He has undergone this kind of education. It might unexpectedly be fine. Moreover, as long as he's sitting next to Elinalise, he probably won't have any problems.

 Since Julie is a slave she'd be at the end of the table, but she'd be pitiful if we separated her from Zanoba. She's still a child who isn't good with talking after all. Since she's my direct disciple, I wonder, if I can make it work somehow.

 "How high, socially, are Ariel-sama's attendants?"

 "Umm, they're middle-ranking nobles."

 According to what Sylphy has said, they're women, but deciding where to put women and men is also difficult. Luke is the same, but it'd be better not to separate him from Ariel too much. Though I can't imagine that one of my acquaintances would be one, it'd be terrible if Ariel got assassinated after all.

 "Huh? Haven't we forgotten someone?"

 While Sylphy was looking at her list, she suddenly said that. Being told that, I look at my list. A person I've forgotten. Who is it, I wonder. I don't think I've forgotten anyone but… Goriade-san?

 "Ah, I got it! It's Nanahoshi-san! We have to invite her too!"

 Being told this, I looked down at my list. Silent Sevenstar's name really wasn't written there. Ahh, I naturally forgot. Having said that though…

 "Would she… come, do you think?"

 "She'll definitely come."

 "Should we invite her for now?"

 Though I had no intention of leaving anyone out, she seemed like she wanted to completely shut out this world after all. No, that and not inviting her are different matters. I'd better add her name to the list.

 "Having only arranged it like this, what are we going to do if no one comes…?"

 What came to mind was Christmas in a certain anime. Though they had happily prepared a huge cake, no one came and they went crazy. It was that kind of painful image.

 "At the very least, Ariel-sama and Zanoba-kun will definitely come, you know."

 Sylphy's one line completely cast aside my anxiety. Ariel's party of four, and my two disciples, Zanoba and Julie. I think that these six people would definitely come. In Zanoba's case, even if I didn't invite him, he'd probably show up on the day prostrating with limbs and forehead on the ground, congratulating me.

 "After all, I think that Ariel-sama would like to deepen her bonds with you, Rudi. Also, Zanoba-kun probably understands that if he didn't come, your trust in him would collapse so… Rudi, you're pretty mindful of these kind of things, huh?"

 As if I am. I'm the type of guy that don't give no sheets 'bout the small things.

 "I wonder if Rinia and Pursena would really miss it? After all, those of the Beast Race will never refuse an invitation from a superior."

 "Is that how it is?"

 "Mn, if for some reason they didn't come, it's fine just to teach the two of them a lesson again."

 It seems that the Beast Race don't think that much is excessive. Thinking back to the time in the Great Forest as well when Gyes was performing his dogeza, it might have been that from the perspective of the Beast Race, it was a situation where it wouldn't have been odd for Ruijerd to go on a huge rampage. Even when hit by Eris, they didn't say anything back, huh. On the contrary, after I was quickly released, they still made light of me. Does that mean that at some point I was being treated as someone lower ranked? Well, I don't know how it really was, though.

 "Well, since Cliff did tell me to call him as well, I wonder if he'll come."

 "I kind of want Elinalise-san to come as well…" muttered Sylphy.

 Elinalise. I wonder if something happened. I've never really seen the two speaking though.

 "There's just something I'd like to ask her. It's nothing important though."

 I wonder what it is. Could it be that she wants to ask if we've had sexual relations? With Elinalise at the very least, she won't hear anything even if she asks.

 Part 2

 We've sort of got an idea on what to do now.

 Since there'll be more than 10 people coming, suitable ingredients are required. For that reason, first of all I'll need to go shopping. Sylphy and I head to the Commerce District, side by side.

 "But before that, I was thinking of getting new clothes for you, Rudi."

 So suggested Sylphy, When I hear 'clothes', I look down at what I'm wearing. It's the usual grey coloured robe. Since it's daytime, there's no need for thicker clothing.

 "Ummm, you see, I like it when you wear robes, but as I thought, when you wear tattered robes like that, umm, people are watching, right? Ah, or could it be that, you like those robes?"

 I don't really pay attention to how I dress, and amongst adventurers there are those who are in even crappier looking getups. That's why I never really worried about it but… If I'm dressed too shabbily, Sylphy's dignity will be at risk. It wouldn't be as bad when I'm alone, but I can't embarrass Sylphy.

 "Hmmm, as the first robe I bought on the Demon Continent I am sort of attached to it, but it really is a bit mangy, huh?"

 As for other clothes I have, it's basically just the fur vest. Because it doesn't look like something a magician would wear, I haven't worn it in a while. It's a little lacking in dignity to be worn next to Sylphy; after all, it looks just like something a mountain bandit would wear.

 "Shall we go have a look at some clothing shops? I'll leave it up to your tastes, Sylphy."

 "Mn, leave it to me."

 Where we arrived was an expensive looking shop. It's a place I'd never go near were I alone. It's not a place I should be visiting wearing this robe. Sylphy had already donned her glasses and become 『Fitts』.

 "My, my, if it isn't Fitts. I've always been in your care."

 Because Sylphy often comes here, the shop owner gives a deep bow. In other words, Ariel-sama in Fitts' appearance often comes here. He's a purveyor of the Asura royal family. I wonder if I have enough money. How scary.

 "Could you please show us your robes for magicians?"

 "Yes. It's this way."

 Though it's a high-class store like this, it seems that they have robes for magicians. Well, I guess that's natural. You can find magicians everywhere, to say nothing of the fact that this is the Magic City Sharia as well. It's a city where even the children of nobles are becoming magicians.

 The place I was guided to was a place with flashy looking robes, made of good materials…

 At least that's what I thought would be the case. It wasn't anything that different. It seems that no matter the shop, robes aren't all that different from each other. These ones do have some fine embroidery though.

 "Though it may be rude of me, would it be fine if I asked about what you specialize in, Sir?"

 "Ah, yes. I guess water and earth then."

 "In that case, what do you think of this one? It's made from the skin of the Rainforce Lizard that lives in the Great Forest. It possesses extremely high resistance to water. The design is by Fogren. They're in charge of the designs for the Ranoa royal family's magicians."

 I was suddenly recommended a reptile coat… Oh, I mean a robe. Rainforce Lizards shouldn't be particularly resistant to water. I easily froze them after all.

 "If it's earth, then I think this would be good. It's made from the hide of the Begaritto Continent's Big Worm(big earthworm) and even in a sandstorm you won't be hurt at all. The design is by the up-and-coming Flone. Flone is known for using their colours creatively, and though it looks like this, it's good for avoiding detection from monsters so has a lot of practical use."

 The design does look like a camouflage robe. I wonder if it's just normal for high end shops to mention the name of the design as well.

 I don't dislike camouflage, but this is a little off. If I was going to pick something like this, it'd be nicer to have a winter-camouflage version, huh.

 "Sy… Fitts-senpai, which do you think would be good?"

 "Let's see… Isn't this one kind of nice? It's similar to the clothes you're wearing now, Rudi."

 What she was holding in her hands was a robe that was a darker grey than my current one. What is this colour called? Charcoal Grey?

 There are more parts to it than my current robe. There are pockets, and buttons for doing up the sleeves. Instead of a belt, there's a cord for doing it up.

 "That one is produced from the hide of the Demon Continent's Lucky Rat. The design is by Kazura. They're known for having subdued designs, and are preferred by those who are a bit older."

 "Mickey Mouse?"

 "Lucky Rat, Sir. The Lucky Rat is a stronger variant of the Mackey Rat, and is a D-ranked monster. It's very good as clothing material and boasts strong resistance to poison and acid."

 What floated through my mind was a black guy wearing red-shorts. I quickly shake my head. At this rate I'll get visitors in the night.

 By the way, during my time traveling on the Demon Continent I'd seen Mackey Rats; they were huge rats of about half a meter. Since it'd a stronger variant, the Lucky Rat would probably be even bigger. When I had first seen the Mackey Rats during a request, I really shuddered. At any rate, these huge rats were running about inside a warehouse after all. There was a single Lucky Rat amongst them. I drew away from them, and Ruijerd and Eris sent me a weird look, whilst kicking them about.

 "Since people do say 'Names and natures often agree.', I wonder if I should go with this one."

 Putting my memories of the rats aside, I do like this robe. My bride has good taste. But hm, what worries me is the cost. Or so I was thinking as I checked it, and yep, it was a price that wasn't something you'd pay for clothing. Wow, it really is expensive. Though they may be small fry, the materials on the Demon Continent are high quality. On the Demon Continent you'd even build houses with them.

 "'Names and natures'…? Though it may be rude, may I ask for your name, Sir?"

 "Ah, yes. I'm Rudeus Greyrat."

 "Goodness, you were a member of the Greyrat family? I do apologize. We've really been in Luke-sama's favor, so this time we'll give you a discount."

 Is this way of saying 'Send Luke our regards'? No, it's a bit different huh. Is it more like 'We'll be in your care next time as well'? At any rate, getting a discount is a good thing.

 "Does Luke often come here?"

 "You should know as well, right, Fitts-sama?"

 "Ah, mn. Umm, I meant besides the times he comes with me."

 "Yes, he'll always come here with a different woman."

 While Sylphy was speaking with the shopkeeper, I was led away by a shop assistant and had my measurements taken. The one in the shop was just a sample in the end, and the size of the one I bought would be tailored to me. Using a measuring tape, I had my size checked by a female shop assistant. I wonder if I can get measuring tapes in curio shops. I want to try the type of play where I take Sylphy's measurements.

 "Since we have the materials, it'll be ready in approximately three days. If you leave us your address, we can deliver it to you."

 While both embarrassed and happy, we give them the address of our new home.

 After that we go shopping for ingredients. First of all we buy spices. After that we buy things for preserving food. Thanks to the trade routes that Nanahoshi had established, oil is cheap to obtain so we buy some. Vegetables that keep well, and frozen fish. We had left an order for meat, and would come pick it up the day before.

 "Sylphy, can you cook?"

 "Mn. Okaa-san and Lilia-san taught me so I can do it just fine. Ah, but I wonder if it'll be to your tastes, Rudi."

 "Even if it's ashes I'll say that it's delicious."

 "'Ashes'… Geez, just who do you think I tried so hard to learn it for?"

 She has good taste in clothing, and she completely learned how to cook as well. Speaking of which, she said she could do the laundry and cleaning as well, didn't she? Unlike her appearance, her women-powers are surprisingly high, huh, this wife of mine?

 "Because Sylphiette-san is too ideal as a bride, I have become worried about whether or not I am suitable as a man."

 "Rudi, umm, you're my ideal groom as well, you know?"

 "I, if there's something that is different to your ideals, please tell me. I'll try my best to become closer to your ideal."

 "In that case, be more confident and act more dignified. Rudi, you're a bit too servile, you know."

 'Dignified'? If I do something like that, what am I going to do if the gods become angry at me? In this world there are guys who'll beat other people to death just for doing something that they didn't like, you know. …No, but if your husband was the type of guy who had no self-confidence and hid away all the time in the living room reading newspapers… you'd hate it, right? Alright, shall I act with more self-confidence then? From today onward, I'm the ore-sama type.

 "Hmph. Oi Sylphy. Ya better not slack off on loving me, ya hear? Oi."

 "Umm, that's a bit off but… Mn, okay. I'll give it my best."

 Saying that, she clenched her fists. Geeeeez, Sylphy is so cute~ I wanna kiss her~ But I'll endure it. Sylphy doesn't like getting all lovey-dovey out in the open. If I touch or rub her here, I'll really be scolded. She might forgive me the first or second time, but if I keep doing it then that small irritation will turn into hate. I'll endure it for now. But putting my arms around her shoulder should be fine, right? No, for now I should start with her holding her hand.

 Or so I was thinking, but right now I've got both my arms full with the shopping. Grrr…

 "We'd better buy some platters huh? Ah, but it'd be fine if you just made them yourself, right Rudi?"

 "Is it okay for the plates to be made of stone?"

 "If you're the one making them, then they won't look like stone so it's fine."

 So it's a problem of appearances? Well, if it's fine as long as they look good, then I'll make them so that they're shiny like mirrors. If they end up looking like Japanese earthenware or something, then they'll look shabby after all. Should I just give it my all and make them like porcelain? The colour will end up being grey or brown though.

 "Is there anything else we need?"

 "Umm, perhaps tea for receiving guests."

 Black tea and teacups, huh? Alright then. I wonder if we should go buy a rug or something while we're at it. Perhaps we should also buy things for a guest bedroom or something.

 "Should we also buy a few beds or closets for guest rooms?"

 "Ah, you're right."

 Because our house is large, there are a lot of things to prepare, huh? Our funds are steadily decreasing. Geez, I'm glad that I didn't blow my money on magic tools or whatever.

 Financially I do have some room to breathe since the house was cheap, but if I keep spending it on this or that, one after another, I'll go broke eventually.

 If I go hunting monsters for a bit I'd be able to earn money but… No, no, if I go on a subjugation request with such a casual attitude what on earth would happen if I got killed? …I feel a bit like I understand how Paul felt when he had to return to being a knight.

 "Umm, don't worry, Rudi. I'm getting income from Ariel-sama after all."

 "Uuu, sorry for being so useless…"

 If it comes down to it, shall I ask Soldat to let me into his party…? No, considering the number of days I'll have to be absent adventuring, the amount of money I gain isn't that much. But I might really have no choice but to find some work.

 Marriage sure is tough…

 Part 3

 That night, I lure Sylphy into the bath. On the surface, it's for the purpose of giving Sylphy a lecture about how to bathe properly. Under the surface, it's so that I can rub and wash Sylphy as much as I want. My true purpose is to flirt and mess about with Sylphy in the bath. If I was to say it like a narrator or something, it'd be

 'Right now, a lovely girl is about to be ensnared by the poisonous fangs of a pervert'

 or something like that. Tonight we're gonna do it! I'm gonna do it! Watch me, old man. Ah, but 'old man' would be Paul, huh? Okay, don't watch me then.

 "Now then, my family's bathing rules are a bit different to those of the Asura royal family's."

 First we head to the laundry/bathroom. There I give a lecture about how the clothes you change out of should go into the basket. I strip Sylphy as if natural, and then drop her folded clothes into the basket.

 Sylphy's body is slim, she lacks excess fat and she's just of small build in general. Having said that though, she doesn't look malnourished. That's probably because although she's slim, she has muscle. Her waist is slim and firm, and though she's slim and small, her figure is womanly. Because of that, though she has no breasts, you can clearly tell her body belongs to a woman. Just seeing her makes my breathing go wild.

 "Ahm, umm, was it necessary for you to strip me, Rudi?"

 "It wasn't necessary."

 "Why is your breathing getting heavier?"

 "Because I'm aroused."

 "I, is it necessary for you to get aroused when you get into the bath?"

 "It's not necessary."

 While answering each of Sylphy's questions promptly, I quickly strip as well and enter the bathroom. There's no shower nor mirror, but there was a bucket and stool. As a joke, I left the characters ケ□リン on the bucket.

 "Before getting into the bath, pour warm water onto your shoulders, sit on this chair and then clean your body with this soap."

 "Hey, Rudi, why does this chair have a groove in the middle of it?"

 "Of course it's to make washing your body easier."

 While saying this, I wet a cloth with warm water and foaming it with soap, I clean Sylphy's body. Behind her ears, the notch near her clavicle, her back, and anywhere else that's easy to get dirty. However, occasionally there are tender places that I can't use a cloth on, there's a need to use my hand to clean her instead. It's for this reason that the stool has a groove in it.

 "Umm, Rudi, you're kind of, for a while now you haven't been using the cloth, and also, only perverted places, and also you're kind of touching me 'there' but…"

 "Oops, excuse me."

 I was accidentally being too forward in my feelings. No good, no good, We don't have that kind of custom in our family.

 "R, Rudi, if you can't hold on then… that is… it's okay, you know?"

 "That's for after we finish bathing."

 Right now the bath takes precedence. We're washing ourselves. Washing.

 "After you've thoroughly washed your body, afterwards is your head. Close your eyes for me."

 "M, mn."

 Sylphy squeezed her eyes shut. How cute. Though I want to kiss her and push her down, I don't do so. It's fatal to even let my guard down for a moment. Phew, bathing is seriously hell.

 "After wetting your hair with the warm water, apply some soap and lather. Rather than your hair, focus on cleaning your scalp where the hair grows. It's probably fine just to clean your head occasionally. Washing with soap will harm your hair after all."

 So I say whilst cleaning her head. Sylphy's hair is short so it's easy to wash.

 "After you're done, rinse carefully with hot water."

 I create hot water with magic and wash Sylphy's hair. When I do, she starts to giggle.

 "For some reason this reminded me of when we first met."

 Speaking of which, I had also washed her with hot water, huh. Man, how nostalgic. To think that the boy from that time would become my bride… Life sure is full of surprises. No, by the time I had known she was a girl for a year, I'd basically decided to make her mine, huh. In that case I guess it might be called having my wish granted.

 "Now then, after having finished washing your body, next is the bath. It's easy to slip so take care when entering."

 Sylphy did as I said and sank into the bath. Because we had taken our time enjoying mixed bathing, the water had become lukewarm but…

 "Ah, it's kind of like my arms and legs are melting. It feels so good…"

 The temperature is just right. Good, good. Now that I know the temperature is fine, I wash my body. I would've actually preferred to ask Sylphy to wash it for me, but I'll endure for today. There's no need to do everything as well.

 Or more like, if she did that, I'd definitely lose control. I'm going to treat her as gently as possible. I still remember that the first time I had taken an aphrodisiac and ended up like a sex beast. I won't do that kind of rape-like stuff again.

 "…"

 I suddenly noticed that Sylphy was staring at me. Though it seemed like she was watching to see how we were supposed to wash ourselves, it was somehow a little different. She seems to be interested in the parts she doesn't have. It's probably curiosity.

 "Phew."

 After I finish washing, I soak myself in the bath. I don't forget to leave the cloth on my head. Now that I'm soaking in here, I start to feel blood rushing towards my cold limbs. Baths are nice. It's the pinnacle of culture.

 "By the way, it's no good to bring the washcloth from before into the bath."

 "Why?"

 "It'll get the bath dirty."

 It's just for use in our house, and there are no bathhouses in this world so it's fine even if you don't follow this rule, but… Well, may as well. While I was thinking these things, Sylphy quietly came over and nestled against me. Grasping my hands, she placed her moist head against my shoulder.

 "How long should we stay in here?"

 "Until it feels like you're warmed to the core…"

 I put my arm around her shoulder and embrace her. When I did, Sylphy turned around and moved her body as though she were getting on top of me. Like that, we ended up touching each other face to face. Sylphy's cherries are pressed up against my chest. No good, it seems like I won't be able to endure it.

 Men endure, and women love. It wouldn't be good to apply 'juice' or 'fluid' behind her.★

 "Mnhuhu, this is pretty nice for some reason, huh?"

 Looking down at Sylphy I can see her slim body, her small butt, and her slender legs kicking at the surface of the water with a splash. My chest, and my shoulders can feel her splashing. Sylphy is embracing me around the neck like she's burying herself into me. Like that, she's patting and caressing me. Huhu, stroke me as much as you want. That's what I have this muscle for.

 Still, though I had thought back in the day that Sylphy would become a handsome man in the future, she's really outdone my expectations by growing into a lovely, and beautiful girl. I wonder if this is the result of some kind of surefire bride-enhancing item.

 It's a situation where that beautiful girl is embracing me in the nude. It seems like we'll lead to a conclusion that'll end up blocking the drain.

 I reach out with my hand and caress Sylphy's back with a splash. I continue and caress her armpits and side. Mmn, she's slim.

 "Rudi, that tickles."

 Saying that, Sylphy begins to writhe about a little. The symbol of my lust has been pressing against her for a while now, but she hasn't voiced any complaints.

 Though she gets angry when we do stuff in the open, in these kinds of settings, as though giving up her body to me, her limbs don't carry much power. She entrusts herself to me.

 She looks at my eyes. I look into hers as well. Naturally, our gazes meet. With embarrassment, 'ehehe', she laughs.

 "Rudi… I really love you."

 Saying this, she kissed me on the cheek.

 No good.

 "Wawa!"

 I pick up Sylphy like a princess and abruptly get out of the bath. Though we're in the middle of bathing lessons, it's fine to end it here and teach her another time.

 While still soaking wet, I run up the stairs and head straight to our bedroom.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
