Volume 10  5 — Wedding Reception - Holding

Volume 10 Chapter 5 - Wedding Reception - Holding

 

 Part 1

 Several days later.

 Rudeus Estate. Appointed day of the Wedding Reception.

 It was scheduled on a monthly holiday, the time was noon.

 Jinas was showing restraint and Soldat was busy with a meeting so he refused.

 It seems both were quite busy.

 I thought Badigadi would be busy and not come as well, but his majesty unexpectedly had spare time and declared his participation.

 Beyond that 11 more people accepted the invitations.

 Right, even Nanahoshi accepted the invitation.

 Part 2

 Sylphy was in high spirits since early morning.

 "This sort of thing is the role of the wife after all, leave it to me!"

 And since early morning she's been going around preparing this and that.

 It seems when I wasn't looking Sylphy learned cooking as well.

 It seems that she was taught generally everything that a wife needs to do.

 The spare rooms on the second floor as well, were prepared for the sake of this day.

 Though I say that, we just brought in a simple bed, closet, table, chairs, and some water jugs.

 For the sake of the worst case where anyone feels bad.

 While the preparations were steadily being made, the first ones to appear were Rinia and Pursena.

 It was about two hours before the appointed time.

 I wondered if these fellows mistook the time.

 "In our common sense, the fastest one to the celebration place gets the prey nya."

 "Right-nano, we came to be number one. It's proof of our devotion to boss-nano."

 They came along carrying a large wild boar with them.

 In the case of the Beast Race, at times when they plan to attend a marriage, it seems common for them to get up early in the morning and then bring the ingredients they capture then.

 The earlier they get up and return to the place itself shows the scale of respect for the other side it seems.

 When I asked what they do if they can't capture anything and it seems in that case they intended to buy something in the market.

 I guess it's that kind of thing.

 Their attire is the Magic University uniform.

 I was the one that decided on this.

 There's an intense difference in wealth between the invitees, if any of them puts too much fighting spirit into their appearance, the others might feel left out.

 Luckily as it is, all of those attending have a uniform.

 Ah, No, since only Julie doesn't have one, a new one was bought for her though.

 For the period before dining starts the two were relaxing in the living room.

 Entertainment is the job of the husband.

 The two were outside since morning so it seems their bodies were chilly.

 On the warmest sofa in front of the fireplace, Rinia and Pursena were clinging in a ball.

 "Nevertheless, I couldn't have possibly imagined boss and Fitts would be getting married nya…"

 "As I thought Fitts was a woman-nano. I thought that might be the case by the smell."

 "Right nya. But with this I can understand it nya."

 While the two were saying things like that, they were warming each other up.

 Incidentally, the matter of Sylphy=Fitts, has already been informed to the invitees.

 For the time being, we did say that they shouldn't reveal it too much, but it can't be helped if it's already known to some degree.

 "What have you come to understand?"

 While serving warm tea, I asked the two.

 "That the boss's preference is for small ones."

 "Even though you were scattering that much of the scent of sexual desire, the reason you never came to attack us as well, was because of a problem with preference nya."

 How rude these fellows can be.

 That almost makes it sound like I'm a hentai that goes around indiscriminately attacking women.

 Really what rude fellows, how about I grope you.

 While thinking as such not even a burp will come out.

 Just yesterday, I completely left Sylphy drenched.

 I left all of my desire inside of Sylphy.

 Today I am a sage.

 The second ones who came along, unexpectedly were Zanoba and Julie.

 One hour before the start.

 "Excuse me. We found a good doll on the way, unintentionally it ended up taking my attention. If Julie hadn't been here it might have been dangerous."

 Zanoba saying that.

 Julie was wearing the Magic University uniform.

 The hobbit size.

 It fits snugly, almost like a doll.

 "Grand Master, for the invite today, thank you very much."

 While saying that Julie lifted the hem of her skirt and politely greeted me.

 How cute.

 After glancing at Zanoba and he was lowering his head as well.

 Just like that, with a humble tone he said it.

 "Teacher Rudeus Greyrat. I'm grateful for the invitation to the celebration."

 Oh.

 Zanoba is being normal.

 That's right. This guy, it's not like he can't particularly greet properly right.

 Alright, here I'll learn from it and do it seriously as well.

 "Your highness Zanoba, for today…"

 "Ah, shisho. There's no need to humble yourself for me. It's just a matter of formality. Shisho the same as always, I'd prefer if you treat me carelessly."

 "…I see, then rest in the room over there."

 "Wawawa, Understood. Now, Julie, let's go."

 What's with that, I feel lost for deciding to take it seriously.

 And while I was thinking that as well, I prepared some tea.

 Even if the treatment is careless, I'm the husband, they're the guests after all.

 While I was thinking such I heard Rinia and Pursena's boasting voice come from the living room.

 Somehow it seems, they're boasting about how they were the first here.

 I could hear Zanoba's moritifed voice from being slightly late.

 I'm glad it's fun more than anything.

 The third one to arrive was the Ariel party.

 They arrived around 30 minutes before it starts.

 Ariel and Luke, as well as two female students that I feel like I've seen somewhere.

 They're Princess Ariel's attendants.

 Sylphy's comrades. I'll treat them equally.

 "Thank you very much for the invitation this day. Since the etiquette of the common folk are somewhat distant, please forgive us for the rudeness."

 The one who lowered her head while saying that was Ariel.

 I certainly thought the one to lower their head would be Luke or one of the attendants, but they might have been matching up to this side.

 "Since there are many races in attendance, please don't bother about matters of etiquette. Rather, I'm uneasy about this side being impolite…"

 "I'm grateful. You all."

 After Ariel exchanged looks and the two attendants stepped forward.

 "I'm Ariel-sama's attendant, my name is Elmore Bluewolf."

 "Similarly, my name is Kurine Elrond."

 Putting aside their names at least their family names are easy to remember.

 Blue wolf and a legendary knight huh.

 My name is a grey rat.

 Among the nobles of Asura Kingdom, many of their names have a combination of colors and animals I'm sure.

 Since that's the case, white female deer should be the same.

 In that case would it be White…deer or how did it go again?

 Uma is horse and baka is fool.

 In other words taking a room would be to take a hall.

 A white tomorrow is waiting for me.

 "Please accept these gifts."

 The two handed the object in their hands to me.

 A box wrapped in an expensive looking cloth.

 "It's a congratulatory gift for your marriage."

 "This is, thank you for your courtesy. Thank you very much."

 "We chose something that would be useful in your marriage life after this. Please check inside."

 Since I was prompted, I looked inside, and was lost for words.

 A small bottle packed with a pink colored fluid and a wooden rod.

 If I were to put it directly, it's an aphrodisiac and a large dildo.

 What is this…

 "I can't imagine that a man from the Greyrat's would be unable to satisfy a woman, but if there's a necessity for it, please use it."

 "Wa, yes."

 Ariel was composed.

 I wonder if this is normal.

 Luke as well, the other two were composed as well.

 The culture is different…

 I lead the four into the living room.

 And then, Rinia and Pursena started to release a tense atmosphere.

 "…"

 They better not be intending to get into a fight.

 No matter how much they are of the Beast Race, they shouldn't do anything to destroy the atmosphere of a celebratory gathering.

 After sending such a gaze and it seems the two guessed it.

 "It's been a long time, Rinia-san, Pursena-san. That time I've troubled you quite a bit."

 "It's been a long time nya."

 "The trouble was mutual-nano."

 Ariel sat down nearby those two while letting out an airily voice.

 The remaining three were all still standing.

 For the time being, I sent Zanoba a wink to stop them if anything happens.

 Zanoba nodded with an Humu, and it seems he somewhat misunderstood, because he stood up and lowered his head towards Ariel.

 "I'm grateful to make your acquaintance Princess Ariel. The third prince of Shirone Kingdom, favorite disciple of Rudeus Greyrat, I am known as Zanoba Shirone."

 "Oh my if it's Prince Zanoba. Above all it's great you're in good health. We did greet soon after you entered school, but have you forgotten?"

 "Hm. Please excuse me for this. After all, I'm a miko of superhuman strength, I'm all strength so my intelligence isn't making the rounds…"

 "Oh my, I've heard that you've been leaving high results in your earth magic classes lately."

 "All of it is the result of my master's teachings…"

 I was a bit surprised by Zanoba's high social skills as I prepared the tea.

 The ones who appeared to the utmost limit 15 minutes before the start were Cliff and Elinalise.

 And then Nanahoshi.

 What an unusual assortment.

 I thought Nanahoshi would come alone.

 "We found her confused in front of the gate. She's an acquaintance right?"

 "Yeah, of course. She's Silent Seven Star-san."

 After saying that, Cliff looked at her with a startled face.

 Somehow it seems that Cliff has never seen her.

 "I…I see, you're that Silent. Hnn, I'm Cliff. I'm sure you've at least heard the name before?"

 "…Yeah, I've heard the name. Just the name that is. They say you're a genius. I'm Silent."

 A forced monotone exchange.

 An intense sensation of pretending to know.

 Probably, she doesn't know a single thing about Cliff.

 Cliff seems to be in good humor though so I'm not going to say anything.

 "It's good to make your acquaintance. I'm Elinalise Dragonroad. That's a lovely mask isn't it."

 "Thank you. Your hairstyle is lovely as well."

 Nanahoshi replied in a monotone voice.

 Watching her exchanges gives me the chills.

 Even though I say that, Nanahoshi doesn't want to get involved in anything troublesome as well, I'm sure she won't swallow any poison.

 Honestly, I never thought Nanahoshi would come.

 Just in case I passed her an invitation and she accepted that.

 However, at that point in time she never said she would go.

 "Getting married…? You really intend to live on this side, don't you." she just said that with an emotionless voice.

 For the time being, I'll try talking to her with a whisper.

 "How unusual, for you to leave that room."

 "…You invited me right?"

 "I guess so. Well… take it easy for today. We've prepared something like potato chips after all."

 "Potato chips? You've made potato chips?"

 "Thanks to you, cooking oil for food purposes was easy to get our hands on after all."

 "That's amazing."

 "It's not amazing right."

 They're just potatoes that have been cut thinly, fried in oil, and salted.

 Since the oil, salt, and potatoes are all different, the flavor is also a bit different from our previous world.

 "In that case, please excuse me."

 Elinalise took along Cliff and Nanahoshi and broke into the living room.

 There was no hesitation in those footsteps.

 Her social status being an adventurer would be the second from the bottom only above Julie.

 But, it seems she's not the type to be bothered over that.

 If the race is different then social status is something that doesn't really matter I guess.

 The two who entered the living room were the same as always.

 Cliff started with a loud voice and made the atmosphere worse and Elinalise followed through with that.

 It's not like Cliff had any ill intent, but he always does a good job at saying things to throw water on the situation.

 Nanahoshi was fundamentally remaining silent, but if someone went to talk to her she would reply.

 She would converse as well.

 I thought she was a communication impaired hikikomori, but it seems that's not the case.

 After a short while, Sylphy came to report that the preparations were complete.

 Now then, all that's left is just Badigadi.

 If he comes too late the cooking will get cold.

 And just as I was starting to worry over it Elinalise opened her mouth.

 "There's no way Badigadi will come on time. For people who live in denominations of thousands of years, time is loose. It's better to think he'll end up showing a month late."

 With those words, we decided to start the dinner as scheduled.

 Sorry about that Badi.

 Part 3

 The meal we had assembled in the dining room was using a buffet method.

 After worrying about the seating order, in the end we just completely brushed aside the seats.

 Luckily, even including the table, it's a wide room with enough space to walk around.

 In case someone gets tired as well, there are chairs left prepared at the end of the room as well.

 The cooking is intended as easy to eat things for a buffet.

 For the time being, I distribute alcohol cups to everyone.

 Since Nanahoshi declined the alcohol, I gave her fruit juice.

 It seems to have become that I would make the toast.

 Lined up with Sylphy I stepped forward.

 The gazes were gathering.

 Eleven peoples gazes.

 They're by no means unpleasant looks.

 But somehow it makes me a bit tense.

 I had prepared a sort of cue card though.

 And Sylphy was tightly holding my hand.

 After looking at her face, she was smiling at me with a shy face.

 She was saying in a whisper to give it my best.

 I want to pull her into the bedroom right now.

 "Oh my, Rudeus-you, your face is bright red. [Giggle]."

 "Lize, be quiet."

 Elinalise was laughing and unusually Cliff was reading the mood.

 Alright.

 "[Cough].

 Thank you everyone for gathering together today even though I'm sure everyone is quite busy. I declare it once more formally, I Rudeus and this--"

 "Fuhahahahaha! There I enter with a bang!"

 I felt like my heart jumped out of my mouth.

 After turning around that guy was there.

 A black body and tall height.

 With six arms tightly packed into his uniform.

 The Immortal Demon King Badigadi has come out with a bang.

 He came in from the door connected to the kitchen.

 "??!"

 Everyone was lost for words.

 That imposing and majestic attitude.

 Even Cliff swallowed his words.

 I didn't know what would be good to say as well.

 With that timing, isn't it almost like Badigadi and I are getting married.

 Your wife is that right, that one stupid girl with the name like a tooth paste right?

 "Badigadi, you're late."

 The one entered the tsukkomi was Elinalise.

 However Badigadi goes where the wind blows.

 "Humu. Certainly I'm late. However, in regards to my race, on the occasion of a meeting between royalty, it's already decided that you enter with a timing to pull a nerve and stir things up."

 "That's a lie right."

 "It's not a lie. Since it's something that Kishirika decided on a whim, I think it's foolish as well though!"

 Even though you think it's foolish you still do it huh.

 What a random guy.

 That's why you've been defeated by the human race over and over.

 "For your sake I especially went out of the way to pitch in and help, I circled around to the rear entrance, I took the time to enter from the back. It's fine for you to feel grateful! Fuhahahaha!"

 So he especially went out of his way to circle around.

 You…curse you…

 No, calm down, Badigadi is this sort of guy. You already knew that right?

 "Hahahaha, I see now, thank you very much."

 "Thanks are unnecessary. Now, it would be good for you to get married as much as you please before myself. Having a marriage ceremony with a Demon King in attendance, it's something that seldom happens. I've never done this sort of service after all!"

 While Badigadi was saying that he sat down on the ground with a plunk.

 For the time being I thought it might be good to prepare a chair or something though.

 Since Magic Races often seem to sit on the floor, I guess there's no problem.

 "Then, I'll restart…"

 [Cough] and clearing my throat.

 "Thank you very much for gathering together on this busy day. Once again I'll formally declare, I Rudeus Greyrat, and this Sylphiette are getting married. Since we're both still inexperienced, I think there are some points we could be lacking, but I'd like for us to help each other and lend a hand in our lives there. Yeah, the twelve of you gathered here, in these past few years, are people who especially helped us out personally. The days we met and the superficial points are there, but strangely I feel that you all match well with us, and I feel you are all friends. During times of trouble I will become the strength of my friends. If there's a time when you're mutually in dispute, please remember our faces, I'd like for you to let things be water under the bridge for us to save face…umm."

 No good, this is a bit too stiff isn't it.

 Everyone is making complicated faces.

 I wonder if I made a mistake with my words.

 And [pon] Badigadi hit me on the shoulder.

 "It would be good to stop with words of reserved manners. You love each each other and you want all of those here to acknowledge that right?"

 Oh.

 That's right, that's right, just like that.

 Alright.

 "Well, what the. Sylphy and I can manage things as we go along. If anything happens please lend us your power. Please treat us well."

 "Alright, cheers to the future of the young two!"

 "Cheers!"

 Before one knows, Badigadi is holding up a sake cup.

 Matching up together with that, everyone raised their cups.

 The meal started with a bit of alcohol being spilled.

 Part 4

 Pursena went straight to stretching her hand towards the meat.

 It's the boar meat that's been giving off steam since a while ago.

 I wonder if it's a custom of the Beast race to be the first to eat the prey you caught yourself.

 No that's wrong.

 Rinia has taken up position in front of the fireplace, while eating the karaage look alike, the Fried Chicken.

 Nanahoshi took the entire plate of potato chips and withdrew to the edge of the room to start crunching away at them.

 Julie suddenly sat down next to her.

 Nanahoshi was startled. Julie started eating the potato chips with an attitude of, "Please don't mind me."

 The other day we had Julie taste test the potato chips.

 I'm sure she's been aiming for them since that time.

 Nanahoshi and Julie.

 An amusing atmosphere is floating around.

 Being called by that atmosphere, Badigadi dropped by.

 In a panic Nanahoshi got the rings out of her pocket.

 Nanahoshi you idiot.

 Even though you say you don't want to get involved with anyone, you try to start with the gluttony.

 Julie is fine, though Zanoba is occasionally flashing glances towards her.

 I wonder what he's hesitating over and just as I was thinking that, somehow it seems he was waiting for Ariel to move.

 Leading the other three, Ariel came over to Sylphy and I.

 "Sylphy, Congratulations!"

 "Ariel-sama…thank you very much."

 Sylphy lowered her head towards Ariel with her usual shy smile.

 "How does he and this house compare to Sylphy's dreams?"

 "Somehow, it's more amazing than my dreams. This house, has a bath as well."

 "Oh? Having a bath on the individual level isn't common even in Asura, how enviable. Sylphy, since that's the case, it would be fine to take a break from guarding for about a year or so?"

 "Th…that is, umm, at the time when a child is made."

 Ariel was giggling with a smile.

 After that, Luke and the two attendants as well were talking about this and that with Sylphy.

 I only just found out the names of the attendants, but it seems they have a deep bond with Sylphy.

 So intimate that the Bluewolf girl was brought to tears.

 How do I put it, it's almost like a separation party for a high school track & field club, that kind of image.

 And, Luke came over to my place.

 "Well, I think there's still various things lurking in the back, but please take good care of me right?"

 While saying that he held out his hand towards me.

 Even if you say there's still things lurking around, I have no interest in such things though.

 Well, since the other side is saying I'm in your care, then I'm not reluctant.

 "Yeah, I'm in your care, Luke…senpai."

 "I entrust Sylphy to you."

 Luke shortly said that and released his hand.

 Rather, it feels more like there's things lurking around behind on Luke's side.

 I wonder what it is, I have the feeling it's somewhat different from jealousy.

 After Ariel moved away, Zanoba came up.

 For the time being, it seems he's bothered over something like the hierarchy.

 They are both royalty after all, I guess he feels things in that area need to be done properly.

 "I'm here to say it once again, Shisho. Congratulations on your marriage!"

 "Thank you Zanoba."

 Zanoba faced Sylphy.

 And then lowered his head.

 "Madam. Honestly, I thought you were a man. To do something like mistake Shisho's partner as a man…please forgive my rudeness."

 Sylphy shook her hands in a panic.

 "Ah, No, please raise your head. Royalty shouldn't do that. Towards someone like me."

 "Someone you say, you're the madam of my respected Shisho. If I were to say, the next person down below God."

 "Since even Rudi made the mistake after all, it can't be helped?"

 Right and suddenly it was waved towards me.

 As shameful as it is, even I mistook Sylphy for a man.

 It's without a doubt because I had no sexual desire.

 For the time being, I nodded that was true and left it.

 After Zanoba moved away, Rinia and Pursena came up.

 "Is it human race manners to do greetings when people are in the middle of a meal nya?"

 "It's bad manners nano."

 And it was just that.

 There wasn't any particular congratulations.

 During the time of their fellows wedding, I'll make sure to properly ask about the way of doing it for the Beast race.

 "But, if Fitts and boss are getting married, then I agree nya. It's a good thing when strong people stick together nya."

 "Right-nano. If you give birth to strong children your family will be secure-nano."

 I feel that it's bad manners to have such a frank conversation in the middle of a meal.

 The next one after the two was Nanahoshi.

 Somehow, it seems she came here running away from Badigadi.

 I wonder what was done, her hair is disheveled.

 And after looking at Badigadi, he's making a racket with Julie riding on his shoulders.

 "…Congratulations."

 "Thank you."

 Nanahoshi just said that shortly and started to leave.

 And then that was called to a halt by Sylphy.

 "Umm, Nanahoshi-san, is it alright to ask one thing?"

 "What is it?"

 "Previously, Nanahoshi-san you said you were from the same place as Rudi right, that was with, what kind of meaning? Umm, Nanahoshi-san came here from another world…right?"

 Sylphy said the latter part in a whisper.

 Nanahoshi looked at me.

 With eyes that were asking what she should do.

 I felt like anything is fine really.

 I don't have any intention of keeping secrets from Sylphy but…

 However, if she were to know and she might make a weird face.

 "…Since he was used to the language, I just misunderstood."

 Nanahoshi didn't say it.

 Nothing.

 The last ones to come were Cliff and Elinalise.

 After lining us up Cliff held something like a cross with one hand and cut us off and stated something like a simple chant.

 "You two aren't Milis believers, so this is the only blessing I can do."

 I'll just go with accepting the sentiment.

 My God is tolerant so she shouldn't get angry.

 Although, I'm a Japanese, we celebrate Christmas, but it's an ordinary occurrence not to carry out mass.

 We're a race of people where the majority of people haven't even read the original text, even though we really like names like Michael and Gabriel.

 Now I have a God I believe in, but I have no intention of minding the blessings of other denominations.

 "Rudeus. It's great isn't it. That it's cured."

 Elinalise said that while making a bit of a pouting expression.

 That's right, even up until now I never actually informed her that I completely cured my ED.

 "If you had informed me about it a bit faster, it would have been very well you know?"

 "If I had told you I thought you might have said something like, 'I'll check to make sure if that's true or not' and then attacked me?"

 "Never. I said it before didn't I. I have absolutely no intention of becoming Paul's daughter."

 I see.

 Then, it might have been better if I had told her about it sooner.

 Among those here, I've spent the longest time associating with Elinalise after all.

 Though I say that, it's at most plus a half a year or so.

 "Well, but if Cliff and Sylphy hadn't been around, I might have thought of it about once."

 "I as well, if Sylphy wasn't around, I might have thought about it at one point."

 "Then we've done something wasteful haven't we. Well, now that it's become like this, I'll just have to think of it like there was no fate between us, and just normally associate as friends."

 "Yeah, please take good care of me after this as well."

 Elinalise faced Sylphy.

 She started talking to Sylphy with a gentle expression.

 "Sylphiette-san. Congratulations on your marriage. I wish for your happiness from the bottom of my heart…heart…congratul…congra…"

 Tears started to come spilling out from Elinalise's eyes.

 While she continued to overlook Sylphy she was sniffling deeply.

 I was startled.

 I didn't understand the reason she suddenly started crying.

 Elinalise's trembling hand touched Sylphy's cheek.

 Her legs were trembling so she crumbled down to her knees.

 Her face was becoming disheveled, only, looking at Sylphy's face.

 "I…I'm sorry about that. For me to do something like this…"

 I was sure Sylphy would be surprised as well.

 …And that's what I was thinking, but it wasn't the case.

 She was confused, but it didn't give a feeling of surprise.

 "Umm, I've been wanting to ask about it for a long time, but… could it be possible that Elinalise-san is my baa-chan?"

 "??!"

 The ones startled this time wasn't just me.

 Cliff as well and then Elinalise was surprised as well.

 "Oto-san said it. That my obaa-chan was a comrade of Rudi's oto-san."

 He said something like that.

 No, but, I really don't know if there was such a connection between Paul and Rawls.

 He did say he got along well together with Rawls in the middle of guarding the village though…

 While they were in the middle of talking it might have come out that they actually had a relation through Elinalise, such things happening are a possibility.

 The world is small.

 Come to think of it, the woodcraft pendant Sylphy made and gave to me and the pendant attached to the grip of Elinalise's sword are the same aren't they.

 After hearing it said, their looks are somewhat similar as well.

 "Elinalise-san, as I thought, that's true right?"

 "Th…that's wrong. Your obaa-sama can't be this…"

 "Oto-san said it. Because of Obaa-chan they were chased out of the Great Forest and they were against his marriage with oka-san as well."

 "?? !!"

 "That since she might be feeling down over something like that, if I were to ever meet her she might be trying to hide her identity."

 To think Elinalise and Rawls had such a past.

 No but, I feel like I understand the reason they were opposed.

 Even I hesitated considerably at the time when I introduced Cliff to Elinalise.

 If your own daughter were to with the son of such a woman, I'm sure there are parents who would oppose it.

 "That is…uu…u…"

 Elinalise raised the sobbing and cried.

 It seems she tried to say something, but it wouldn't turn into words.

 Sylphy as well, thought she said something wrong and started to get a bit nervous.

 "Cliff-senpai."

 I called out to Cliff.

 Cliff as well, his eyes had become black and white.

 "Wh…what is it?"

 "Please help Elinalise-san rest in a relevant room on the second floor."

 "That, that's right I guess. I, I understand."

 "Sylphy as well, we'll leave that conversation for later, for now it would be better to calm down?"

 "Wa, yes."

 Elinalise's hand was pulled by Cliff and looked at me with frightened eyes.

 "Ru, Rudeus, I… I am like this, but that is, Rawls was a normal child. Of course, his child Sylphy as well, that's why…"

 Therefore, what. Do you think I'm looking at you with eyes of prejudice now.

 She has no faith in me.

 Well, recently here I have been avoiding Elinalise after all.

 In that area, there might have been an accumulation of various misunderstandings.

 I brought my mouth close to Elinalise's ear.

 "Please don't worry. I won't separate from Sylphy because of Elinalise-san."

 "But."

 "Rather than that, shouldn't you worry more about becoming relatives with Paul who you really hate?"

 "…Fu…Rudeus. You, at a time like this you sure say amusing things don't you."

 Elinalise laughed frailly.

 For the present time it's some relief.

 In any case, I'm sure it'll be better when we're a bit more calmed down.

 "In regards to that matter, afterwards please take your time talking together with Sylphy about it."

 "Yeah, I'm grateful for your care."

 Lead by Cliff, Elinalise withdrew.

 Cliff, please take care of it well…

 ---

 No congratulations came from Badigadi.

 He took up position at the edge of the room, turning the ambiance of the room bright while laughing with a Fuhahahahaha.

 He's an appreciated existence.

                Visit and read more novel to help us update chapter quickly.
                    Thank you so much!
